Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.1-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
CharLS.x86_64                                        2.0.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
GConf2.x86_64                                        3.2.6-36.fc37                       @fedora                 
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                1.3.38-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                            1.3.38-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                  @updates                
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                  @updates                
Judy.x86_64                                          1.0.5-29.fc37                       @fedora                 
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.20.2-8.fc37                       @updates                
Lmod.x86_64                                          8.7.20-1.fc37                       @updates                
MUMPS.x86_64                                         5.5.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
MUMPS-common.noarch                                  5.5.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.18.12-1.fc37                      @updates                
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.18.12-1.fc37                      @updates                
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                            1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.8-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-1.fc37                       @updates                
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.8-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.10-1.fc37                       @updates                
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.8.18-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.8.18-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.10-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.10-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.12-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.12-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                    @updates                
ORBit2.x86_64                                        2.14.19-29.fc37                     @fedora                 
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates                
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates                
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates                
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates                
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates                
R-core.x86_64                                        4.2.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
SDL2.i686                                            2.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
SDL2-devel.x86_64                                    2.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
SDL2_net.x86_64                                      2.2.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
SFML.x86_64                                          2.5.1-12.fc37                       @updates                
SLOF.noarch                                          20210217-5.git33a7322d.fc37         @fedora                 
SoapySDR.x86_64                                      0.8.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
SuperLU.x86_64                                       5.3.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.101-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.44.rc5.fc37                 @fedora                 
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  1.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  1.7.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
abook.x86_64                                         0.6.1-21.fc37                       @fedora                 
abrt.x86_64                                          2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20220623.1-2.fc37                   @fedora                 
accountsservice.x86_64                               22.08.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          22.08.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.1-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230118-1.fc37                     @updates                
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230118-1.fc37                     @updates                
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.030.1.050-13.fc37                 @anaconda               
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          43-1.fc37                           @anaconda               
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-15.fc37                        @fedora                 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            43-1.fc37                           @anaconda               
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
aircrack-ng.x86_64                                   1.7-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
aircrack-ng-doc.noarch                               1.7-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
airspyone_host.x86_64                                1.0.10-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
alien.noarch                                         8.95-20.fc37                        @fedora                 
alsa-lib.i686                                        1.2.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2.2.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.24-1.fc37                         @updates                
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
anaconda.x86_64                                      37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
anaconda-live.x86_64                                 37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-3.fc37                         @anaconda               
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.10-1.fc37                        @updates                
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.14-1.fc37                        @updates                
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.10-1.fc37                        @updates                
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.14-1.fc37                        @updates                
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-10.fc37                           @updates                
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20211224-7.fc37               @anaconda               
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-34.fc37                        @anaconda               
appstream.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
appstream-data.noarch                                37-6.fc37                           @updates                
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.2-2.fc37                        @updates                
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-2.fc37                        @updates                
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.3-2.fc37                        @updates                
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-2.fc37                        @updates                
apt.x86_64                                           2.5.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
apt.x86_64                                           2.7.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
apt-libs.x86_64                                      2.5.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
apt-libs.x86_64                                      2.7.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
armadillo.x86_64                                     10.8.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
arpack.x86_64                                        3.8.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-anorexia-fonts.noarch               1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-aqui-fonts.noarch                   1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-cure-fonts.noarch                   1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-drift-fonts.noarch                  1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-edges-fonts.noarch                  1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-fkp-fonts.noarch                    1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-fonts.noarch                        1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-fonts-common.noarch                 1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-gelly-fonts.noarch                  1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-glisp-fonts.noarch                  1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-kates-fonts.noarch                  1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-lime-fonts.noarch                   1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-mints-mild-fonts.noarch             1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-mints-strong-fonts.noarch           1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-nu-fonts.noarch                     1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-smoothansi-fonts.noarch             1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
artwiz-aleczapka-snap-fonts.noarch                   1.3-33.fc37                         @fedora                 
aspell.x86_64                                        12:0.60.8-10.fc37                   @fedora                 
aspell-en.x86_64                                     50:2020.12.07-6.fc37                @fedora                 
assimp.x86_64                                        5.0.1-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
at-spi2-atk.i686                                     2.38.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.38.0-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
at-spi2-core.i686                                    2.44.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.44.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
atk.i686                                             2.38.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
atk.x86_64                                           2.38.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.3-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-27.fc37                         @anaconda               
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
audit.x86_64                                         3.1.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.1.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
authselect.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
autoconf.noarch                                      2.71-4.fc37                         @updates                
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
automake.noarch                                      1.16.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
avahi-compat-libdns_sd.x86_64                        0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
avahi-devel.x86_64                                   0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
avahi-libs.i686                                      0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-18.fc37                         @updates                
awesome.x86_64                                       4.3-12.fc37                         @fedora                 
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-22.fc37                         @anaconda               
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-29.fc37                         @anaconda               
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.92-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
baobab.x86_64                                        43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
barrier.x86_64                                       2.4.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
basesystem.noarch                                    11-14.fc37                          @anaconda               
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.15-1.fc37                       @updates                
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
bat.x86_64                                           0.23.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-16.fc37                      @anaconda               
bcache-tools.x86_64                                  1.1-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
biber.noarch                                         2.17-5.fc37                         @fedora                 
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.14-1.fc37                   @updates                
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.16-1.fc37                   @updates                
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.14-1.fc37                   @updates                
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.16-1.fc37                   @updates                
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.14-1.fc37                   @updates                
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.16-1.fc37                   @updates                
binutils.x86_64                                      2.38-27.fc37                        @updates                
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.38-27.fc37                        @updates                
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.5.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
blosc.x86_64                                         1.21.2-1.fc37                       @updates                
bluez.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                         @updates                
bluez.x86_64                                         5.68-1.fc37                         @updates                
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.66-4.fc37                         @updates                
bluez-libs.i686                                      5.66-4.fc37                         @updates                
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.66-4.fc37                         @updates                
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.68-1.fc37                         @updates                
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.66-4.fc37                         @updates                
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.78.0-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-serialization.x86_64                           1.78.0-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
bottles.noarch                                       2022.7.14-2.fc37                    @updates                
bottles.noarch                                       1:51.6-1.fc37                       @updates                
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.3-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.4-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
brltty.x86_64                                        6.5-7.fc37                          @anaconda               
brotli.x86_64                                        1.0.9-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
bsdcpio.x86_64                                       3.6.1-3.fc37                        @updates                
bsdtar.x86_64                                        3.6.1-3.fc37                        @updates                
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.2.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.5.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
bullet.x86_64                                        3.08-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
bullet-devel.x86_64                                  3.08-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
byte-buddy.noarch                                    1.12.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                 
byte-buddy-agent.noarch                              1.12.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                 
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
bzip2-libs.i686                                      1.0.8-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.19.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.19.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60-1.0.fc37                  @updates                
cabextract.x86_64                                    1.9.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
caca-utils.x86_64                                    0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37               @fedora                 
cairo.i686                                           1.17.6-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
cairo.x86_64                                         1.17.6-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.17.6-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
cairo-gobject.i686                                   1.17.6-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.17.6-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
calcurse.x86_64                                      4.8.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
capstone.x86_64                                      4.0.2-11.fc37                       @updates                
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-10.fc37                       @updates                
catimg.x86_64                                        2.7.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
cdbs.noarch                                          0.4.163-5.fc37                      @fedora                 
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                 10.2-40.fc37                        @fedora                 
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-40.fc37                        @anaconda               
cfitsio.x86_64                                       4.0.0-4.fc37                        @updates                
cgnslib.x86_64                                       4.3.0-3.fc37                        @updates                
cgnslib-common.noarch                                4.3.0-3.fc37                        @updates                
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
cheese.x86_64                                        2:43~alpha-2.fc37                   @anaconda               
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:43~alpha-2.fc37                   @anaconda               
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.24-1.fc37                         @updates                
chmlib.x86_64                                        0.40-27.fc37                        @fedora                 
chromium.x86_64                                      113.0.5672.63-1.fc37                @updates                
chromium-common.x86_64                               113.0.5672.63-1.fc37                @updates                
chromium-common.x86_64                               115.0.5790.110-1.fc37               @updates                
chrony.x86_64                                        4.3-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc37                          @updates                
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-1.fc37                          @updates                
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.14-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
clang.x86_64                                         15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
clang-devel.x86_64                                   15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
clang-libs.x86_64                                    15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                     15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                             15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:42~beta3-1.fc37                   @updates                
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:42~beta3-1.fc37                   @updates                
cliquer-libs.x86_64                                  1.22-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37 @updates                
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37 @updates                
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-14.fc37                      @anaconda               
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
cmake.x86_64                                         3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
cmake.x86_64                                         3.26.4-4.fc37                       @updates                
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.26.4-4.fc37                       @updates                
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.26.4-4.fc37                       @updates                
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.26.4-4.fc37                       @updates                
cmark.x86_64                                         0.29.0-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
codec2.x86_64                                        1.0.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-6.fc37                       @anaconda               
coin-or-Cbc.x86_64                                   2.10.5-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
coin-or-Cgl.x86_64                                   0.60.3-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
coin-or-Clp.x86_64                                   1.17.6-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
coin-or-CoinUtils.x86_64                             2.11.4-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
coin-or-Osi.x86_64                                   0.108.6-6.fc37                      @fedora                 
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-29.fc37                           @anaconda               
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
colord-libs.i686                                     1.4.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.fc37                       @updates                
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-4.fc37                          @anaconda               
conda.noarch                                         4.13.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.7-2.fc37                      @updates                
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.211.1-1.fc37                    @updates                
containers-common.noarch                             4:1-82.fc37                         @updates                
containers-common-extra.noarch                       4:1-82.fc37                         @updates                
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.1-8.fc37                          @updates                
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.1-8.fc37                          @updates                
corosynclib.x86_64                                   3.1.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
cowsay.noarch                                        3.7.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
cpio.x86_64                                          2.13-13.fc37                        @anaconda               
cpp.x86_64                                           12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.7-30.fc37                       @anaconda               
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.7-30.fc37                       @anaconda               
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
criu.x86_64                                          3.17.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.17.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
cronie.x86_64                                        1.6.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.6.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-28.20190603git.fc37            @fedora                 
crun.x86_64                                          1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
crypto-policies.noarch                               20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37          @anaconda               
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37          @anaconda               
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
cu.x86_64                                            1.07-66.fc37                        @fedora                 
cubeb.x86_64                                         0.2-6.20200409.git9caa5b1.fc36      @fedora                 
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates                
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.6-1.fc37                      @updates                
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates                
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.6-1.fc37                      @updates                
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates                
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.6-1.fc37                      @updates                
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.28.16-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.28.16-3.fc37                      @updates                
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                          1.28.16-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                          1.28.16-3.fc37                      @updates                
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.28.16-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.28.16-3.fc37                      @updates                
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates                
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.6-1.fc37                      @updates                
cups-libs.i686                                       1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates                
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates                
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.6-1.fc37                      @updates                
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
curl.x86_64                                          7.85.0-8.fc37                       @updates                
curl.x86_64                                          7.85.0-10.fc37                      @updates                
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      77-1.fc37                           @updates                
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   77-1.fc37                           @updates                
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.8-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   33-1.fc37                           @updates                
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.8-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.8-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
dbus-libs.i686                                       1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.8-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.8-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.8-1.fc37                     @updates                
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.29.20160218.fc37            @fedora                 
dconf.i686                                           0.40.0-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
debhelper.noarch                                     13.11.4-1.fc37                      @updates                
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.0-7.fc37                          @updates                
default-editor.noarch                                6.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.37-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.3-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
delve.x86_64                                         1.20.2-1.fc37                       @updates                
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    37.0.0-4.fc37                       @updates                
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     37.0.0-4.fc37                       @updates                
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda               
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda               
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda               
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda               
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.0-4.fc37                        @updates                
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.9.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
dex-autostart.noarch                                 0.9.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
dh-autoreconf.noarch                                 20-6.fc37                           @fedora                 
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                  @anaconda               
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                  @anaconda               
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.8-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.87-1.fc37                         @updates                
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.3.0-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
dleyna-core.x86_64                                   0.6.0-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                               0.6.0-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.6.0-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
dmenu.x86_64                                         5.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
dmraid.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                  @anaconda               
dmraid-events.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                  @anaconda               
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                  @anaconda               
dnf.noarch                                           4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
dnf.noarch                                           4.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.4.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.89-2.fc37                         @updates                
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-80.fc37                         @fedora                 
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-17.fc37                      @fedora                 
dolphin-emu.x86_64                                   5.0.16380-5.fc37                    @fedora                 
dolphin-emu-data.noarch                              5.0.16380-5.fc37                    @fedora                 
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
dosbox-staging.x86_64                                0.80.0-3.fc37                       @updates                
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-4.fc37                          @anaconda               
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-30.fc37                         @anaconda               
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
dpkg.x86_64                                          1.21.21-1.fc37                      @updates                
dpkg-dev.noarch                                      1.21.21-1.fc37                      @updates                
dpkg-perl.noarch                                     1.21.21-1.fc37                      @updates                
dracut.x86_64                                        059-2.fc37                          @updates                
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          059-2.fc37                          @updates                
dracut-live.x86_64                                   059-2.fc37                          @updates                
dracut-network.x86_64                                059-2.fc37                          @updates                
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 059-2.fc37                          @updates                
drpm.x86_64                                          0.5.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
duktape.x86_64                                       2.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
dutree.x86_64                                        0.2.18-9.fc37                       @updates                
dwz.x86_64                                           0.14-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
ecl.x86_64                                           21.2.1-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
ed.x86_64                                            1.18-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.5-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
edk2-aarch64.noarch                                  20230301gitf80f052277c8-3.fc37      @updates                
edk2-arm.noarch                                      20230301gitf80f052277c8-3.fc37      @updates                
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20230301gitf80f052277c8-3.fc37      @updates                
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-6.fc37                            @anaconda               
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-6.fc37                            @fedora                 
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-2.fc37                           @anaconda               
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   38-6.fc37                           @updates                
efl.x86_64                                           1.26.3-4.fc37                       @updates                
efl-devel.x86_64                                     1.26.3-4.fc37                       @updates                
electronics-menu.noarch                              1.0-28.fc37                         @fedora                 
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.189-3.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                      0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.189-3.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.189-3.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libelf.i686                                 0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.189-3.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.189-3.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libs.i686                                   0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.189-2.fc37                        @updates                
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.189-3.fc37                        @updates                
emacs.x86_64                                         1:28.2-3.fc37                       @updates                
emacs-common.x86_64                                  1:28.2-3.fc37                       @updates                
emacs-common-proofgeneral.noarch                     4.5-3.fc37                          @updates                
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:28.2-3.fc37                       @updates                
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-31.fc37                     @fedora                 
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
enchant2-aspell.x86_64                               2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
enet.x86_64                                          1.3.17-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
enlightenment.x86_64                                 0.25.4-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
enlightenment-data.noarch                            0.25.4-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
eog.x86_64                                           43.2-1.fc37                         @updates                
eog.x86_64                                           43.3-1.fc37                         @updates                
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:43.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:43.1-3.fc37                       @updates                
epstool.x86_64                                       3.08-24.fc37                        @fedora                 
esmtp.x86_64                                         1.2-20.fc37                         @fedora                 
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
esphomeflasher.noarch                                1.4.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
esptool.noarch                                       4.5.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
evince.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
evince-libs.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
evince-previewer.x86_64                              43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.46.4-2.fc37                       @updates                
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.46.4-2.fc37                       @updates                
exa.x86_64                                           0.10.1-9.fc37                       @updates                
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc37                       @updates                
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-4.fc37                       @updates                
expat.i686                                           2.5.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
expat.x86_64                                         2.5.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
f37-backgrounds-base.noarch                          37.0.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
f37-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         37.0.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
fcft.x86_64                                          3.1.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
fdk-aac-free.i686                                    2.0.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-25.fc37                          @anaconda               
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        2.0-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        3.0-1.fc37                          @updates                
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  2.0-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  3.0-1.fc37                          @updates                
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-3.fc37                            @anaconda               
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               37-2                                @updates                
fedora-logos.noarch                                  36.0.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            36.0.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
fedora-release-common.noarch                         37-16                               @updates                
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           37-16                               @updates                
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    37-16                               @updates                
fedora-repos.noarch                                  37-2                                @updates                
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                          37-2                                @updates                
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-3.fc37                         @anaconda               
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
fedora-workstation-repositories.noarch               35-4.fc37                           @anaconda               
feh.x86_64                                           3.9.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                              3.3.10-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
file.x86_64                                          5.42-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.42-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
firefox.x86_64                                       113.0.1-1.fc37                      @updates                
firefox.x86_64                                       116.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             113.0.1-1.fc37                      @updates                
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             116.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
firewalld.noarch                                     1.2.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          1.2.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
fish.x86_64                                          3.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
flac.x86_64                                          1.3.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
flac-devel.x86_64                                    1.3.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
flac-libs.i686                                       1.3.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.3.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
flann.x86_64                                         1.9.1-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.2-9.fc37                          @anaconda               
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.3.1-5.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.3.1-5.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                            3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                            3.3.1-5.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.3.1-5.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                   3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                   3.3.1-5.fc37                        @updates                
flexiblas-openblas-serial.x86_64                     3.3.1-5.fc37                        @updates                
fltk.x86_64                                          1.3.8-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                        3.1-27.fc37                         @fedora                 
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                            3.1-27.fc37                         @fedora                 
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                               2.3.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
fluxbox.x86_64                                       1.3.7-20.fc37                       @fedora                 
fmt.x86_64                                           9.1.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
folks.x86_64                                         1:0.15.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
fontconfig.i686                                      2.14.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.14.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.14.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-9.fc37                      @anaconda               
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-9.fc37                      @fedora                 
foot.x86_64                                          1.14.0-2.fc37                       @updates                
foot-terminfo.x86_64                                 1.14.0-2.fc37                       @updates                
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.3.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-6.fc37                          @fedora                 
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-5.fc37                       @updates                
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.2.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
freeipmi.x86_64                                      1.6.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.10.0-1.fc37                     @updates                
freetype.i686                                        2.12.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
freetype.x86_64                                      2.12.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.12.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
freexl.x86_64                                        1.0.6-18.fc37                       @fedora                 
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
fribidi.i686                                         1.0.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.12-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
fritzing.x86_64                                      0.9.10-2.20220514.fc37              @fedora                 
fritzing-parts.noarch                                0.9.10-2.20220510.fc37              @fedora                 
fros.noarch                                          1.1-30.fc37                         @anaconda               
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-30.fc37                         @anaconda               
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.10.5-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.9-6.fc37                          @updates                
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.10.5-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.5-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
fvwm.x86_64                                          2.6.9-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.8.15-1.fc37                       @updates                
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.8.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.4-1.fc37                          @updates                
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.8.15-1.fc37                       @updates                
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.8.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.8.15-1.fc37                       @updates                
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.8.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.8.15-1.fc37                       @updates                
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.8.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
fzf.x86_64                                           0.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
gamemode.i686                                        1.7-1.fc37                          @fedora                 
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.7-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-21.fc37                       @anaconda               
gawk.x86_64                                          5.1.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.1.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
gc.x86_64                                            8.0.6-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
gc-devel.x86_64                                      8.0.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
gcc.x86_64                                           12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                  12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gcr.x86_64                                           3.92.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      3.92.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
gd.i686                                              2.3.3-9.fc37                        @updates                
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-9.fc37                        @updates                
gdal-libs.x86_64                                     3.5.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
gdb.x86_64                                           13.1-3.fc37                         @updates                
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  13.1-3.fc37                         @updates                
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  13.2-2.fc37                         @updates                
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
gdcm.x86_64                                          3.0.21-2.fc37                       @updates                
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.9-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                     2.42.10-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                             2.42.10-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                              2.40.2-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
gdm.x86_64                                           1:43.0-4.fc37                       @updates                
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
gecode.x86_64                                        6.2.0-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
gedit.x86_64                                         2:43~alpha-2.fc37                   @fedora                 
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.44-1.fc37                       @updates                
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-50.fc37                      @anaconda               
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                             3.26.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                 3.26.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-7.fc37                     @anaconda               
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-7.fc37                     @anaconda               
geos.x86_64                                          3.11.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
gettext.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gettext-common-devel.noarch                          0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gettext-devel.x86_64                                 0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
ghc-Cabal.x86_64                                     3.2.1.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-X11.x86_64                                       1.10.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
ghc-X11-devel.x86_64                                 1.10.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
ghc-X11-xft.x86_64                                   0.3.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ghc-X11-xft-devel.x86_64                             0.3.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ghc-array.x86_64                                     0.5.4.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-array-devel.x86_64                               0.5.4.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-base.x86_64                                      4.14.3.0-121.fc37                   @fedora                 
ghc-base-devel.x86_64                                4.14.3.0-121.fc37                   @fedora                 
ghc-binary.x86_64                                    0.8.8.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-bytestring.x86_64                                0.10.12.0-121.fc37                  @fedora                 
ghc-bytestring-devel.x86_64                          0.10.12.0-121.fc37                  @fedora                 
ghc-compiler.x86_64                                  8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-containers.x86_64                                0.6.5.1-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-containers-devel.x86_64                          0.6.5.1-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-data-default-class.x86_64                        0.1.2.0-19.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-data-default-class-devel.x86_64                  0.1.2.0-19.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-deepseq.x86_64                                   1.4.4.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-deepseq-devel.x86_64                             1.4.4.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-directory.x86_64                                 1.3.6.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-directory-devel.x86_64                           1.3.6.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-exceptions.x86_64                                0.10.4-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-filepath.x86_64                                  1.4.2.1-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-filepath-devel.x86_64                            1.4.2.1-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-filesystem.noarch                                8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-ghc.x86_64                                       8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-ghc-boot.x86_64                                  8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-ghc-boot-th.x86_64                               8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-ghc-heap.x86_64                                  8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-ghci.x86_64                                      8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-haskeline.x86_64                                 0.8.2-121.fc37                      @fedora                 
ghc-hpc.x86_64                                       0.6.1.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-libiserv.x86_64                                  8.10.7-121.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-mtl.x86_64                                       2.2.2-121.fc37                      @fedora                 
ghc-mtl-devel.x86_64                                 2.2.2-121.fc37                      @fedora                 
ghc-parsec.x86_64                                    3.1.14.0-121.fc37                   @fedora                 
ghc-pretty.x86_64                                    1.1.3.6-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-process.x86_64                                   1.6.13.2-121.fc37                   @fedora                 
ghc-process-devel.x86_64                             1.6.13.2-121.fc37                   @fedora                 
ghc-random.x86_64                                    1.2.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
ghc-random-devel.x86_64                              1.2.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
ghc-setlocale.x86_64                                 1.0.0.10-4.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-setlocale-devel.x86_64                           1.0.0.10-4.fc37                     @fedora                 
ghc-splitmix.x86_64                                  0.1.0.3-4.fc37                      @fedora                 
ghc-splitmix-devel.x86_64                            0.1.0.3-4.fc37                      @fedora                 
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
ghc-stm.x86_64                                       2.5.0.1-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-template-haskell.x86_64                          2.16.0.0-121.fc37                   @fedora                 
ghc-terminfo.x86_64                                  0.4.1.4-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-text.x86_64                                      1.2.4.1-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-time.x86_64                                      1.9.3-121.fc37                      @fedora                 
ghc-time-devel.x86_64                                1.9.3-121.fc37                      @fedora                 
ghc-transformers.x86_64                              0.5.6.2-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-transformers-devel.x86_64                        0.5.6.2-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-unix.x86_64                                      2.7.2.2-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-unix-devel.x86_64                                2.7.2.2-121.fc37                    @fedora                 
ghc-utf8-string.x86_64                               1.0.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
ghc-utf8-string-devel.x86_64                         1.0.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
ghc-xhtml.x86_64                                     3000.2.2.1-121.fc37                 @fedora                 
ghc-xmonad.x86_64                                    0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
ghc-xmonad-contrib.x86_64                            0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
ghc-xmonad-contrib-devel.x86_64                      0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
ghc-xmonad-devel.x86_64                              0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates                
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.56.1-8.fc37                       @updates                
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates                
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       9.56.1-8.fc37                       @updates                
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates                
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    9.56.1-8.fc37                       @updates                
ghostwriter.x86_64                                   2.2.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.1-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
gimp.x86_64                                          2:2.10.34-1.fc37                    @updates                
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:2.10.34-1.fc37                    @updates                
git.x86_64                                           2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
git.x86_64                                           2.41.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
git-core.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
git-core.x86_64                                      2.41.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.41.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
gjs.x86_64                                           1.74.2-1.fc37                       @updates                
gjs.x86_64                                           1.74.2-2.fc37                       @updates                
gl2ps.x86_64                                         1.4.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
glfw.x86_64                                          1:3.3.8-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
glib-networking.i686                                 2.74.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.74.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
glib2.i686                                           2.74.7-1.fc37                       @updates                
glib2.x86_64                                         2.74.7-1.fc37                       @updates                
glib2.x86_64                                         2.74.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.74.7-1.fc37                       @updates                
glibc.i686                                           2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc.x86_64                                         2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                               2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.6-1.fc37                       @updates                
glpk.x86_64                                          5.0-5.fc37                          @fedora                 
glusterfs.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-14.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc37    @anaconda               
glyphography-newscycle-fonts.noarch                  0.5.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
gmime30.x86_64                                       3.2.7-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
gmp.i686                                             1:6.2.1-3.fc37                      @fedora                 
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
gmp-c++.x86_64                                       1:6.2.1-3.fc37                      @fedora                 
gmp-devel.x86_64                                     1:6.2.1-3.fc37                      @fedora                 
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              5-1.fc37                            @updates                
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.2-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:42.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   43.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   43.5-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              43.0.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                43.1-3.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-characters.x86_64                              43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
gnome-connections.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                43.0-3.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          43.5-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          43.6-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               43.5-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               43.6-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                43.2-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                43.2-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-firmware.x86_64                                43.2-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                              3.12.0-18.fc37                      @fedora                 
gnome-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                       3.12.0-18.fc37                      @fedora                 
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           43.2-3.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 42.1-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             42.1-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-maps.x86_64                                    43.5-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.46.0-4.fc37                       @updates                
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          43.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-session.x86_64                                 43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         43.0-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   43.5-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch            46-1.fc37                           @fedora                 
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-shell-extension-gamemode.noarch                8-1.fc37                            @fedora                 
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-software.x86_64                                43.5-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          42.0-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.46.8-1.fc37                       @updates                
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.46.8-1.fc37                       @updates                
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             43.2-1.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-15.fc37                        @anaconda               
gnome-tour.x86_64                                    43.0-2.fc37                         @updates                
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnome-vfs2.x86_64                                    2.24.4-39.fc37                      @fedora                 
gnome-vfs2-common.noarch                             2.24.4-39.fc37                      @fedora                 
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.5.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
gnome-weather.noarch                                 43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.3.8-1.fc37                        @updates                
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.3.8-1.fc37                        @updates                
gnuplot.x86_64                                       5.4.3-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
gnuplot-common.x86_64                                5.4.3-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
gnuradio.x86_64                                      3.10.3.0-4.fc37                     @fedora                 
gnutls.i686                                          3.8.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.2.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.74.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
golang.x86_64                                        1.19.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
golang.x86_64                                        1.19.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.19.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.19.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
golang-src.noarch                                    1.19.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
golang-src.noarch                                    1.19.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
gom.x86_64                                           0.4-9.fc37                          @anaconda               
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.19.20130920.fc37            @anaconda               
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-13.fc37                    @anaconda               
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                  20200215-13.fc37                    @fedora                 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20201206-5.fc37                     @anaconda               
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20220916-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20201206-5.fc37                     @anaconda               
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates                
gparted.x86_64                                       1.5.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
gperf.x86_64                                         3.1-14.fc37                         @fedora                 
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.9.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.17.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.17.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-41.fc37                      @fedora                 
gpsim.x86_64                                         0.31.0-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
gqrx.x86_64                                          2.16-1.fc37                         @updates                
gr-funcube.x86_64                                    1.0.0-16.20220130gitbf71b979.fc37   @fedora                 
gr-iqbal.x86_64                                      0.38.2-16.20210210gitfbee239a.fc37  @fedora                 
gr-osmosdr.x86_64                                    0.2.3-30.20210217gita100eb02.fc37   @fedora                 
granite.x86_64                                       6.2.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
graphene.i686                                        1.10.6-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
graphite2.i686                                       1.3.14-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-10.fc37                      @anaconda               
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
graphviz.x86_64                                      5.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
grep.x86_64                                          3.7-4.fc37                          @anaconda               
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.16-1.fc37                       @updates                
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.16-1.fc37                       @updates                
grim.x86_64                                          1.4.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.4-10.fc37                      @anaconda               
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates                
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-66.fc37                        @anaconda               
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
gsl.x86_64                                           2.6-7.fc37                          @fedora                 
gsm.i686                                             1.0.22-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
gsmartcontrol.x86_64                                 1.1.4-3.fc37                        @updates                
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1.i686                                      1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.20.3-3.fc37                       @fedora-cisco-openh264  
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                         1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                         1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.37-1.fc37                      @updates                
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.38-1.fc37                      @updates                
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.0-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
gtk2.i686                                            2.24.33-10.fc37                     @fedora                 
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-10.fc37                     @fedora                 
gtk3.i686                                            3.24.37-1.fc37                      @updates                
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.37-1.fc37                      @updates                
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.38-1.fc37                      @updates                
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.8.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.7-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.6.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
gtkterm.x86_64                                       1.2.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
gtkwave.x86_64                                       3.3.113-1.fc37                      @updates                
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-42.20121130.fc37              @fedora                 
guake.noarch                                         3.7.0-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
gumbo-parser.x86_64                                  1:0.10.1-25.fc37                    @fedora                 
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.2.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.0-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
gvncpulse.x86_64                                     1.3.0-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
gzip.x86_64                                          1.12-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
hackrf.x86_64                                        2018.01.1-12.fc37                   @updates                
harfbuzz.i686                                        5.2.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      5.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                5.2.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  5.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
hddtemp.x86_64                                       0.3-0.51.beta15.fc37                @fedora                 
hdf-libs.x86_64                                      4.2.15-11.fc37                      @fedora                 
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.12.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
hdparm.x86_64                                        9.65-1.fc37                         @updates                
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-27.fc37                @anaconda               
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-14.fc37                        @anaconda               
hidapi.x86_64                                        0.13.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-15.fc37                        @anaconda               
highway.i686                                         1.0.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
highway.x86_64                                       1.0.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
hplip.x86_64                                         3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates                
hplip.x86_64                                         3.23.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates                
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.23.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates                
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.23.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
hspell.x86_64                                        1.4-16.fc37                         @fedora                 
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                              1:1.001-7.20200428git336a529.fc37   @anaconda               
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates                
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates                
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates                
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates                
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.0-21.fc37                       @anaconda               
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-23.fc37                @anaconda               
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-23.fc37                @anaconda               
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-23.fc37                @anaconda               
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.0-21.fc37                       @anaconda               
hwdata.noarch                                        0.370-1.fc37                        @updates                
hwdata.noarch                                        0.372-1.fc37                        @updates                
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                    2.5.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda               
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda               
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda               
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda               
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda               
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-18.fc37                       @anaconda               
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-18.fc37                       @anaconda               
i3.x86_64                                            4.22-3.fc37                         @updates                
i3-config.noarch                                     4.22-3.fc37                         @updates                
i3lock.x86_64                                        2.14.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
i3status.x86_64                                      2.14-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
i3status-config.noarch                               2.14-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates                
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.14-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.14-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates                
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates                
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates                
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.4-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.13.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates                
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.19-1.fc37                       @updates                
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates                
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.22.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
icoutils.x86_64                                      0.32.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                 
iftop.x86_64                                         1.0-0.28.pre4.fc37                  @fedora                 
ignuit.x86_64                                        2.24.3-12.fc37                      @fedora                 
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.4-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
iir1.x86_64                                          1.9.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.4-6.fc37                          @anaconda               
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
imhex.x86_64                                         1.28.0-2.fc37                       @updates                
imhex.x86_64                                         1.30.1-3.fc37                       @updates                
imhex-patterns.x86_64                                1.30.1-3.fc37                       @updates                
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.7.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
info.x86_64                                          6.8-4.fc37                          @fedora                 
inih.i686                                            56-2.fc37                           @fedora                 
inih.x86_64                                          56-2.fc37                           @anaconda               
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-10.fc37                         @anaconda               
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.19-1.fc37                        @updates                
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.19-1.fc37                        @updates                
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.19-1.fc37                        @updates                
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                22.5.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
intltool.noarch                                      0.51.0-21.fc37                      @fedora                 
inxi.noarch                                          3.3.26-1.fc37                       @updates                
inxi.noarch                                          3.3.27-1.fc37                       @updates                
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
ipmitool.x86_64                                      1.8.18-26.fc37                      @fedora                 
iproute.x86_64                                       5.18.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    5.18.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
ipset.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc37                         @anaconda               
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.15-5.fc37                         @anaconda               
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.8-4.fc37                        @updates                
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.8-5.fc37                        @updates                
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.8-4.fc37                        @updates                
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
iputils.x86_64                                       20221126-1.fc37                     @updates                
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20220210-2.git64113751.fc37         @anaconda               
irrXML.x86_64                                        1.8.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37           @anaconda               
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37           @anaconda               
isl.x86_64                                           0.16.1-16.fc37                      @fedora                 
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-17.fc37                     @anaconda               
isync.x86_64                                         1.4.4-5.fc37                        @updates                
iverilog.x86_64                                      11.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                 
iw.x86_64                                            5.9-5.fc37                          @anaconda               
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-149.fc37                  @@System                
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-149.fc37                @@System                
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-149.fc37                 @@System                
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-149.fc37                 @@System                
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-149.fc37                 @@System                
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-149.fc37                 @@System                
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-149.fc37               @@System                
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-149.fc37                  @@System                
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-149.fc37                @@System                
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-149.fc37                 @@System                
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-149.fc37                   @@System                
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-149.fc37                  @@System                
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-149.fc37                 @@System                
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-149.fc37                 @@System                
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-149.fc37                  @@System                
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-149.fc37               @@System                
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                             20230404-149.fc37                   @@System                
jacop.noarch                                         4.8-9.fc37                          @fedora                 
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   3.0.6-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                               1:17.0.6.0.10-1.fc37                @updates                
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                               1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                 @updates                
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.6.0.10-1.fc37                @updates                
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                 @updates                
java-diff-utils.noarch                               4.12-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.1.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
javapackages-tools.noarch                            6.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                          2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                          2.40.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.40.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.40.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.19-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
jbigkit-libs.i686                                    2.1-24.fc37                         @fedora                 
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-24.fc37                         @anaconda               
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
jline-builtins.noarch                                3.21.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
jline-reader.noarch                                  3.21.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
jline-style.noarch                                   3.21.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
jline-terminal.noarch                                3.21.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
jline-terminal-jna.noarch                            3.21.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
jna.x86_64                                           5.12.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-36.fc37                       @anaconda               
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-14.fc37                         @anaconda               
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
json-c.x86_64                                        0.16-3.fc37                         @updates                
json-glib.i686                                       1.6.6-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.6.6-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
juniversalchardet.noarch                             2.4.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.7.0-5.fc37                      @updates                
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-38.fc37                         @anaconda               
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-38.fc37                         @anaconda               
kbd.x86_64                                           2.5.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.5.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.5.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                4-68.fc37                           @fedora                 
kde-settings.noarch                                  37.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
kdesvn.x86_64                                        2.1.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-7.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc37       @anaconda               
kernel.x86_64                                        6.1.18-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.14-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.15-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.1.18-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.14-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.15-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.4.7-100.fc37                      @updates                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.2.14-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.2.15-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.2.6-200.fc37                      @updates                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.1.18-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.14-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.15-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.4.7-100.fc37                      @updates                
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.14-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.15-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.4.7-100.fc37                      @updates                
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.1.18-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.14-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.15-200.fc37                     @updates                
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-15.fc37                         @fedora                 
kernel-tools.x86_64                                  6.2.6-200.fc37                      @updates                
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             6.2.6-200.fc37                      @updates                
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             6.4.4-100.fc37                      @updates                
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.25-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
keyutils-libs.i686                                   1.6.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            5.105.0-2.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                         5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-solid.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                         5.0-36.fc37                         @anaconda               
kicad.x86_64                                         1:6.0.11-3.fc37                     @updates                
kitty.x86_64                                         0.26.5-5.fc37                       @updates                
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                0.26.5-5.fc37                       @updates                
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                0.26.5-6.fc37                       @updates                
kmod.x86_64                                          30-2.fc37                           @anaconda               
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     30-2.fc37                           @anaconda               
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.0-4.fc37                        @updates                
krb5-libs.i686                                       1.19.2-13.fc37                      @updates                
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.19.2-13.fc37                      @updates                
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                   1.19.2-13.fc37                      @updates                
krb5-server.x86_64                                   1.19.2-13.fc37                      @updates                
lame-libs.i686                                       3.100-13.fc37                       @fedora                 
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-26.fc37                         @anaconda               
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-26.fc37                         @anaconda               
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-26.fc37                         @anaconda               
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.62-1.fc37                       @updates                
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-14.fc37                       @fedora                 
lbzip2.x86_64                                        2.5-24.20171011gitb6dc48a.fc37      @fedora                 
lcms2.i686                                           2.14-1.fc37                         @updates                
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.14-1.fc37                         @updates                
ldb-tools.x86_64                                     2.6.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.82.0-8.fc37                       @fedora                 
less.x86_64                                          590-5.fc37                          @anaconda               
less.x86_64                                          633-1.fc37                          @updates                
lib3ds.x86_64                                        1.3.0-38.fc37                       @fedora                 
libGLEW.x86_64                                       2.2.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
libICE.i686                                          1.0.10-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
libIDL.x86_64                                        0.8.14-71.fc37                      @updates                
libRmath.x86_64                                      4.2.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
libX11.i686                                          1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libX11-xcb.i686                                      1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libXScrnSaver.i686                                   1.2.3-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                           1.2.3-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXau.i686                                          1.0.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.10-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXcomposite.i686                                   0.4.5-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXcursor.i686                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXdamage.i686                                      1.1.5-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXext.i686                                         1.3.4-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.4-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXfixes.i686                                       6.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
libXft.i686                                          2.3.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.4-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXi.i686                                           1.8-3.fc37                          @fedora                 
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
libXinerama.i686                                     1.1.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.3-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXpm.i686                                          3.5.15-2.fc37                       @updates                
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.15-2.fc37                       @updates                
libXrandr.i686                                       1.5.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXrender.i686                                      0.9.10-17.fc37                      @fedora                 
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.10-17.fc37                      @anaconda               
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.10-17.fc37                      @fedora                 
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libXtst.i686                                         1.2.3-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.3-17.fc37                       @anaconda               
libXv.i686                                           1.0.11-17.fc37                      @fedora                 
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-17.fc37                      @anaconda               
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.12-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.5-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
libXxf86vm.i686                                      1.1.4-19.fc37                       @fedora                 
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-19.fc37                       @anaconda               
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-43.fc37                       @anaconda               
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.2.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
libaec.x86_64                                        1.0.6-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-14.fc37                     @anaconda               
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-23.fc37                       @anaconda               
libaom.i686                                          3.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
libaom.x86_64                                        3.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-0.fc37                      @updates                
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.6.1-3.fc37                        @updates                
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-1.fc37                     @anaconda               
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                   2.3.21-28.fc37                      @fedora                 
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.5-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libasyncns.i686                                      0.8-23.fc37                         @fedora                 
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-23.fc37                         @anaconda               
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-23.fc37                        @anaconda               
libatomic.i686                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libatomic.x86_64                                     12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libatomic_ops.x86_64                                 7.6.12-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libatomic_ops-devel.x86_64                           7.6.12-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               5.1.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
libavformat-free.x86_64                              5.1.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
libavif.i686                                         0.11.1-4.fc37                       @updates                
libavif.x86_64                                       0.11.1-4.fc37                       @updates                
libavutil-free.x86_64                                5.1.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.8-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-52.fc37                       @anaconda               
libblkid.i686                                        2.38.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.38.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libbonobo.x86_64                                     2.32.1-23.fc37                      @fedora                 
libbonoboui.x86_64                                   2.24.5-23.fc37                      @fedora                 
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:0.8.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
libbrotli.i686                                       1.0.9-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.11.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.9-1.fc37                          @updates                
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37               @fedora                 
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
libcanberra.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                        @fedora                 
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                0.30-29.fc37                        @fedora                 
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-29.fc37                        @fedora                 
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                0.30-29.fc37                        @fedora                 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-29.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcap.i686                                          2.48-5.fc37                         @fedora                 
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-5.fc37                         @anaconda               
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.7.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                   @anaconda               
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcerf.x86_64                                       2.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
libcloudproviders.i686                               0.3.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.1-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.2-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-52.fc37                       @anaconda               
libcom_err.i686                                      1.46.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.18-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
libconfuse.x86_64                                    3.3-7.fc37                          @fedora                 
libcue.x86_64                                        2.2.1-10.fc37                       @anaconda               
libcurl-minimal.i686                                 7.85.0-8.fc37                       @updates                
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               7.85.0-8.fc37                       @updates                
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               7.85.0-10.fc37                      @updates                
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-24.fc37                        @anaconda               
libdatrie.i686                                       0.2.13-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
libdav1d.i686                                        1.0.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.0.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.44.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-53.fc37                      @anaconda               
libdbusmenu.i686                                     16.04.0-20.fc37                     @fedora                 
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                     @fedora                 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                16.04.0-20.fc37                     @fedora                 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-20.fc37                     @fedora                 
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.6-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
libdecor.i686                                        0.1.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.1.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-52.fc37                       @anaconda               
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                2.9.42-1.fc37                       @updates                
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                               3.9.11-1.fc37                       @updates                
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.70.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.70.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libdrm.i686                                          2.4.114-1.fc37                      @updates                
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.114-1.fc37                      @updates                
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-21.fc37                       @anaconda               
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.4.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libedit.i686                                         3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37             @updates                
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37             @updates                
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
libepoxy.i686                                        1.5.10-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-10.fc37                       @anaconda               
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                       2:1.07.6-9.fc37                     @fedora                 
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20230404-149.fc37                 @updates                
libesmtp.x86_64                                      1.0.6-25.fc37                       @fedora                 
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.10-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-6.fc37                         @anaconda               
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libevent.i686                                        2.1.12-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
libevent-devel.x86_64                                2.1.12-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
libexif.i686                                         0.6.24-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libffi.i686                                          3.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.11.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.4-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
libfreenect.x86_64                                   0.6.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-8.fc37                          @anaconda               
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-5.fc37                          @anaconda               
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.5-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
libgcc.i686                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libgcc.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libgccjit.x86_64                                     12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.1-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-27.fc37                         @anaconda               
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgeotiff.x86_64                                    1.7.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
libgfortran.x86_64                                   12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
libglade2.x86_64                                     2.6.4-28.fc37                       @fedora                 
libglusterd0.x86_64                                  10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 10.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
libglvnd.i686                                        1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
libglvnd-egl.i686                                    1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
libglvnd-glx.i686                                    1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
libgnome.x86_64                                      2.32.1-23.fc35                      @fedora                 
libgnome-keyring.x86_64                              3.12.0-24.fc37                      @fedora                 
libgnomecanvas.x86_64                                2.30.3-24.fc37                      @fedora                 
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgnomeui.x86_64                                    2.24.5-27.fc37                      @fedora                 
libgomp.i686                                         12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libgomp.x86_64                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.46-1.fc37                         @updates                
libgphoto2.i686                                      2.5.30-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.30-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-42.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgs.x86_64                                         9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates                
libgs.x86_64                                         9.56.1-8.fc37                       @updates                
libgsasl.x86_64                                      1.10.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.47-6.fc37                      @anaconda               
libgta.x86_64                                        1.2.1-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.40.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
libgudev.i686                                        237-3.fc37                          @fedora                 
libgudev.x86_64                                      237-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
libgusb.i686                                         0.4.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
libgweather4.x86_64                                  4.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-26.fc37                       @anaconda               
libharu.x86_64                                       2.3.0-16.fc37                       @fedora                 
libheif.x86_64                                       1.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libibverbs.i686                                      41.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
libibverbs.x86_64                                    41.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.16-1.fc37                       @updates                
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.16-1.fc37                       @updates                
libicu.i686                                          71.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
libicu.x86_64                                        71.1-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  71.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
libidn.x86_64                                        1.41-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
libidn2.i686                                         2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
libieee1284.i686                                     0.2.11-39.fc37                      @fedora                 
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-39.fc37                      @anaconda               
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-16.fc37                        @anaconda               
libimagequant.i686                                   2.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libimagequant.x86_64                                 2.17.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libindi.x86_64                                       1.9.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
libindi-libs.x86_64                                  1.9.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-52.fc37                       @anaconda               
libinput.x86_64                                      1.22.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libinput-devel.x86_64                                1.22.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libinstpatch.x86_64                                  1.1.6-11.fc37                       @updates                
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.5-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.19.0-6.fc37                       @anaconda               
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.1.13-1.fc37                       @updates                
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                   2.1.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.1.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           2.1.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libjxl.i686                                          1:0.7.0-5.fc37                      @updates                
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.7.0-5.fc37                      @updates                
libkadm5.x86_64                                      1.19.2-13.fc37                      @updates                
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libkml.x86_64                                        1.3.0-40.fc37                       @fedora                 
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libldac.i686                                         2.0.2.3-11.fc37                     @fedora                 
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-11.fc37                     @anaconda               
libldb.x86_64                                        2.6.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
liblockfile.x86_64                                   1.17-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.24.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                3.24.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.11.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.11.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-20.fc37                       @fedora                 
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.6-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libmarkdown.x86_64                                   2.2.7-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.7.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.26.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.26.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmd.x86_64                                         1.0.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-28.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-16.fc37                       @fedora                 
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                   @fedora                 
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-2.fc37                       @updates                
libmount.i686                                        2.38.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libmount.x86_64                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.38.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.2.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-25.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.8.alpha.fc37               @anaconda               
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-21.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.21-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libmypaint.x86_64                                    1.6.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
libmysofa.i686                                       1.2.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
libnauty.x86_64                                      2.8.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-4.fc37                          @anaconda               
libnet.x86_64                                        1.2-6.fc37                          @anaconda               
libnetapi.x86_64                                     2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.8-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-22.fc37                       @anaconda               
libnfs.x86_64                                        4.0.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.6.3-0.fc37                      @updates                
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libnghttp2.i686                                      1.51.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.51.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
libngspice.x86_64                                    40-1.fc37                           @updates                
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.19-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libnl3.i686                                          3.7.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.7.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.7.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libnova.x86_64                                       0.15.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                 
libnsl.i686                                          2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
libnsl.x86_64                                        2.36-9.fc37                         @updates                
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libntlm.x86_64                                       1.6-5.fc37                          @fedora                 
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-1.fc37                       @updates                
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-19.fc37                       @anaconda               
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libogg.i686                                          2:1.3.5-4.fc37                      @fedora                 
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-4.fc37                      @anaconda               
libogg-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.3.5-4.fc37                      @fedora                 
libomp.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.fc37                       @updates                
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.fc37                       @updates                
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.6.10-1.fc37                       @updates                
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.17.2-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.10.0-5.fc37                       @updates                
libosmo-dsp.x86_64                                   0.3-18.fc37                         @fedora                 
libotf.x86_64                                        0.9.13-21.fc37                      @fedora                 
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpaper.x86_64                                      1.1.28-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-52.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpcap.i686                                         14:1.10.4-1.fc37                    @updates                
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.4-1.fc37                    @updates                
libpciaccess.i686                                    0.16-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.34.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.34.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.34.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.12.57-6.fc37                      @updates                
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libplist.x86_64                                      2.2.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.12.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpmemobj.x86_64                                    1.12.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpng.i686                                          2:1.6.37-13.fc37                    @fedora                 
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-13.fc37                    @anaconda               
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.37-13.fc37                    @fedora                 
libpng12.i686                                        1.2.57-16.fc37                      @fedora                 
libpng12.x86_64                                      1.2.57-16.fc37                      @fedora                 
libportal.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.6-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.6-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
libpq.x86_64                                         14.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
libproxy.i686                                        0.4.18-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.18-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                              0.4.18-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.7-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libpsl.i686                                          0.21.1-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda               
libptytty.x86_64                                     2.0-3.fc37                          @fedora                 
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc37                        @updates                
libqb.x86_64                                         2.0.6-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libqhull_r.x86_64                                    1:7.2.1-10.fc37                     @fedora                 
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.30.8-1.fc37                       @updates                
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.30.8-1.fc37                       @updates                
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libquadmath.x86_64                                   12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                             12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.11.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
librados2.x86_64                                     2:17.2.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-16.fc37                       @fedora                 
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:17.2.6-1.fc37                     @updates                
librdmacm.x86_64                                     41.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-52.fc37                       @anaconda               
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates                
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:7.4.7.2-1.fc37                    @updates                
librepo.x86_64                                       1.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-3.fc37                        @updates                
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.54.5-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
librsync.x86_64                                      2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
librttopo.x86_64                                     1.1.0-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.27-5.fc37                      @anaconda               
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates                
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.23.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
libsbc.i686                                          1.5-4.fc37                          @fedora                 
libsbc.x86_64                                        1.5-4.fc37                          @anaconda               
libseat.x86_64                                       0.7.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.20.5-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libselinux.i686                                      3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.5-2.fc37                          @updates                
libsepol.i686                                        3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-27.fc37                       @updates                
libserialport.x86_64                                 0.1.1-14.fc37                       @fedora                 
libshout.i686                                        2.4.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
libshumate.x86_64                                    1.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.8-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
libsigrok.x86_64                                     0.5.2-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
libsigrok-cxx.x86_64                                 0.5.2-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
libsigrokdecode.x86_64                               0.5.3-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-3.fc37                         @anaconda               
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
libsmbios.x86_64                                     2.4.3-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libsndfile.i686                                      1.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libsndfile-devel.x86_64                              1.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.18-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.22-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libsoup3.i686                                        3.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                
libspatialite.x86_64                                 5.0.1-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.11-1.fc37                       @updates                
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libss.x86_64                                         1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.4-2.fc37                       @updates                
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.4-2.fc37                       @updates                
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.5-1.fc37                       @updates                
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.10.0-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
libstdc++.i686                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libstdc++.x86_64                                     12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               12.3.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
libstemmer.i686                                      0-19.585svn.fc37                    @fedora                 
libstemmer.x86_64                                    0-19.585svn.fc37                    @anaconda               
libstroke.x86_64                                     0.5.1-47.fc37                       @fedora                 
libswresample-free.x86_64                            5.1.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libtasn1.i686                                        4.19.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
libtdb.i686                                          1.4.7-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
libteam.x86_64                                       1.31-6.fc37                         @anaconda               
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libthai.i686                                         0.1.29-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.29-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
libtheora.i686                                       1:1.1.1-32.fc37                     @fedora                 
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-32.fc37                     @anaconda               
libtiff.i686                                         4.4.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.4.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.2-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                    @updates                
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-15.fc37                      @anaconda               
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.7-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libtool-ltdl.i686                                    2.4.7-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
libtraceevent.x86_64                                 1.7.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libtracker-sparql.i686                               3.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.4-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
libunistring.i686                                    1.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.0-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
libunwind.i686                                       1.6.2-5.fc37                        @updates                
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.6.2-5.fc37                        @updates                
libunwind-devel.x86_64                               1.6.2-5.fc37                        @updates                
liburing.x86_64                                      2.3-1.fc37                          @updates                
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-50.fc37                      @anaconda               
libusb1.i686                                         1.0.25-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.25-9.fc37                       @anaconda               
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libuser.x86_64                                       0.63-13.fc37                        @anaconda               
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libuuid.i686                                         2.38.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.44.2-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.46.0-1.fc37                     @updates                
libv4l.i686                                          1.22.1-4.fc37                       @updates                
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.22.1-4.fc37                       @updates                
libva.i686                                           2.16.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
libva.x86_64                                         2.16.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
libvdpau.i686                                        1.5-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
libverto.i686                                        0.3.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libvirt-client.x86_64                                8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64        8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               4.0.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  4.0.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               4.0.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates                
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
libvisual.i686                                       1:0.4.0-36.fc37                     @fedora                 
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.0-36.fc37                     @anaconda               
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.13-13.fc37                      @anaconda               
libvoikko.x86_64                                     4.3.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
libvorbis.i686                                       1:1.3.7-6.fc37                      @fedora                 
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-6.fc37                      @anaconda               
libvorbis-devel.x86_64                               1:1.3.7-6.fc37                      @fedora                 
libvpx.i686                                          1.12.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.12.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
libwayland-client.i686                               1.21.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libwayland-cursor.i686                               1.21.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libwayland-egl.i686                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libwayland-server.i686                               1.21.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
libwebp.i686                                         1.3.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.10.0-1.fc37                     @updates                
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.12-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.12-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-3.fc37                         @updates                
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-11.fc37                      @anaconda               
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.14.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.3-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.12-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.1-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
libxcb.i686                                          1.13.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-10.fc37                      @anaconda               
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                 
libxcrypt.i686                                       4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates                
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates                
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-1.fc37                       @updates                
libxcrypt-compat.i686                                4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates                
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates                
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates                
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libxdg-basedir.x86_64                                1.2.0-28.fc37                       @fedora                 
libxkbcommon.i686                                    1.4.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.4.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.4.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.4.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libxkbcommon-x11-devel.x86_64                        1.4.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-21.fc37                         @anaconda               
libxml2.i686                                         2.10.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.10.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.10.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.11-1.fc37                       @updates                
libxshmfence.i686                                    1.3-11.fc37                         @fedora                 
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-11.fc37                         @anaconda               
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.38-1.fc37                       @updates                
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
libzip.x86_64                                        1.9.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-22.fc37                       @anaconda               
libzstd.i686                                         1.5.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
lightdm.x86_64                                       1.32.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                               1.32.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                   2.0.8-3.fc36                        @fedora                 
lightdm-settings.noarch                              1.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
lilv-libs.i686                                       0.24.14-3.fc37                      @fedora                 
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.14-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-33.fc37                       @anaconda               
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
llvm.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
llvm-libs.i686                                       15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     15.0.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.6.0-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
lmdb.x86_64                                          0.9.30-1.fc37                       @updates                
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.30-1.fc37                       @updates                
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.31-1.fc37                       @updates                
lockdev.i686                                         1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37         @fedora                 
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37         @anaconda               
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.20.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-14.fc37                      @anaconda               
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-14.fc37                      @anaconda               
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.5-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-14.fc37                      @anaconda               
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-15.fc37                      @anaconda               
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-14.fc37                      @anaconda               
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-14.fc37                      @anaconda               
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-6.fc37                          @anaconda               
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.2-12.fc37                         @fedora                 
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-29.fc37                     @anaconda               
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-56.fc37                     @anaconda               
lsd.x86_64                                           0.22.0-3.fc37                       @updates                
lsof.x86_64                                          4.94.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.3-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc37                        @updates                
lua-filesystem.x86_64                                1.8.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
lua-json.noarch                                      1.3.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
lua-lgi.x86_64                                       0.9.2-14.fc37                       @fedora                 
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.4-9.fc37                        @updates                
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                      1.0.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
lua-posix.x86_64                                     35.1-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-7.fc37                            @fedora                 
lua-term.x86_64                                      0.07-16.fc37                        @fedora                 
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc37                @updates                
luajit-devel.x86_64                                  2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc37                @updates                
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.11-9.fc37                      @anaconda               
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.11-9.fc37                      @anaconda               
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.11-9.fc37                      @anaconda               
lynx.x86_64                                          2.9.0-dev.10.2.fc37.1               @fedora                 
lyx.x86_64                                           2.3.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
lyx-common.noarch                                    2.3.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
lyx-fonts.noarch                                     2.3.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
lz4-libs.i686                                        1.9.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
lzip.x86_64                                          1.23-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-9.fc37                         @anaconda               
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-27.fc37                         @anaconda               
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.53-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
mailx.x86_64                                         12.5-42.fc37                        @fedora                 
make.x86_64                                          1:4.3-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
man-db.x86_64                                        2.10.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
man-pages.noarch                                     5.13-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.4-2.fc37                        @updates                
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.4-2.fc37                        @updates                
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
mathjax.noarch                                       2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                             2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch                     2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-stixweb-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-vector-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mc.x86_64                                            1:4.8.29-1.fc37                     @updates                
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
media-player-info.noarch                             23-11.fc37                          @anaconda               
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.0.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.4-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.2.3-2.fc37                        @updates                
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-filesystem.i686                                 23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libEGL.i686                                     23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                             23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libGL.i686                                      23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                  23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libgbm.i686                                     23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libglapi.i686                                   23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-va-drivers.i686                                 23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                             23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           23.0.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
meson.noarch                                         1.0.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
metis.x86_64                                         5.1.0-33.fc37                       @fedora                 
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-53.fc37                       @anaconda               
minder.x86_64                                        1.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
minder.x86_64                                        1.15.2-2.fc37                       @updates                
mingw-binutils-generic.x86_64                        2.38-8.fc37                         @updates                
mingw-filesystem-base.noarch                         145-1.fc37                          @updates                
mingw32-FAudio.noarch                                23.04-1.fc37                        @updates                
mingw32-FAudio.noarch                                23.07-1.fc37                        @updates                
mingw32-SDL2.noarch                                  2.26.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
mingw32-binutils.x86_64                              2.38-8.fc37                         @updates                
mingw32-cpp.x86_64                                   12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw32-crt.noarch                                   10.0.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw32-filesystem.noarch                            145-1.fc37                          @updates                
mingw32-gcc.x86_64                                   12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw32-gcc-c++.x86_64                               12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw32-headers.noarch                               10.0.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw32-lcms2.noarch                                 2.12-5.fc37                         @fedora                 
mingw32-libgcc.x86_64                                12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw32-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                         2.1.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
mingw32-libpng.noarch                                1.6.37-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw32-libstdc++.x86_64                             12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw32-libtiff.noarch                               4.3.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
mingw32-libxml2.noarch                               2.9.14-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw32-libxslt.noarch                               1.1.35-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw32-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.7-1.fc37                          @updates                
mingw32-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.8-1.fc37                          @updates                
mingw32-win-iconv.noarch                             0.0.8-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
mingw32-wine-gecko.noarch                            2.47.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
mingw32-winpthreads.noarch                           10.0.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw32-winpthreads-static.noarch                    10.0.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw32-zlib.noarch                                  1.2.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-FAudio.noarch                                23.04-1.fc37                        @updates                
mingw64-FAudio.noarch                                23.07-1.fc37                        @updates                
mingw64-SDL2.noarch                                  2.26.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
mingw64-binutils.x86_64                              2.38-8.fc37                         @updates                
mingw64-cpp.x86_64                                   12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw64-crt.noarch                                   10.0.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-filesystem.noarch                            145-1.fc37                          @updates                
mingw64-gcc.x86_64                                   12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw64-gcc-c++.x86_64                               12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw64-headers.noarch                               10.0.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-lcms2.noarch                                 2.12-5.fc37                         @fedora                 
mingw64-libgcc.x86_64                                12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw64-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                         2.1.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
mingw64-libpng.noarch                                1.6.37-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-libstdc++.x86_64                             12.2.1-6.fc37                       @updates                
mingw64-libtiff.noarch                               4.3.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
mingw64-libxml2.noarch                               2.9.14-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-libxslt.noarch                               1.1.35-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.7-1.fc37                          @updates                
mingw64-vkd3d.noarch                                 1.8-1.fc37                          @updates                
mingw64-win-iconv.noarch                             0.0.8-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
mingw64-wine-gecko.noarch                            2.47.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
mingw64-winpthreads.noarch                           10.0.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-winpthreads-static.noarch                    10.0.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
mingw64-zlib.noarch                                  1.2.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
minicom.x86_64                                       2.8-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
miniupnpc.x86_64                                     2.2.4-2.fc37                        @updates                
minizip.x86_64                                       3.0.2-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
minizip-compat.x86_64                                1.2.12-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20220725-1.fc37                     @anaconda               
mockito.noarch                                       3.12.4-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-27.fc37                         @anaconda               
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates                
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.6.0-5.fc37                      @anaconda               
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-29.fc37                         @anaconda               
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.3.1-1.fc37                        @fedora-cisco-openh264  
mozjs102.x86_64                                      102.9.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
mozjs102.x86_64                                      102.12.0-1.fc37                     @updates                
mp.x86_64                                            3.1.0-39.20200303git7fd4828.fc37    @fedora                 
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.1.0-10.fc37                       @anaconda               
mpg123-devel.x86_64                                  1.31.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mpg123-libs.i686                                     1.31.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
mrpt-base.x86_64                                     1.4.0-34.fc37                       @updates                
mrpt-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.0-34.fc37                       @updates                
mrpt-stereo-camera-calibration.x86_64                1.4.0-34.fc37                       @updates                
msmtp.x86_64                                         1.8.23-2.fc37                       @updates                
mt32emu.x86_64                                       2.7.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.43-1.fc37                       @updates                
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-5.fc37                       @updates                
multimarkdown.x86_64                                 6.6.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
mupdf.x86_64                                         1.21.1-5.fc37                       @updates                
mutt.x86_64                                          5:2.2.9-1.fc37                      @updates                
mutter.x86_64                                        43.5-1.fc37                         @updates                
mypaint-brushes.noarch                               1.3.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.4-19.fc37                       @anaconda               
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-34.fc37                         @anaconda               
nano.x86_64                                          6.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
nano-default-editor.noarch                           6.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
nativefiledialog-extended.x86_64                     1.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
nativefiledialog-extended.x86_64                     1.1.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
nautilus.x86_64                                      43.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           43.4-1.fc37                         @updates                
ncompress.x86_64                                     5.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.3-5.20220501.fc37                 @updates                
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.3-5.20220501.fc37                 @updates                
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-3.20230114.fc37                 @updates                
ncurses-libs.i686                                    6.3-5.20220501.fc37                 @updates                
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.3-5.20220501.fc37                 @updates                
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-3.20230114.fc37                 @updates                
ndctl.x86_64                                         77-1.fc37                           @updates                
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    77-1.fc37                           @updates                
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
neomutt.x86_64                                       6:20230407-1.fc37                   @updates                
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.3-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.64.20160912git.fc37           @updates                
netavark.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
netavark.x86_64                                      1.7.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
netcdf.x86_64                                        4.9.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-1.fc37                     @updates                
nettle.i686                                          3.8-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
nettle.x86_64                                        3.8-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.28.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.6.3-0.fc37                      @updates                
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.4-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
ngspice.x86_64                                       40-1.fc37                           @updates                
ngspice-codemodel.x86_64                             40-1.fc37                           @updates                
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                               3-7.fc37                            @fedora                 
ninja-build.x86_64                                   1.10.2-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.28.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
nmap.x86_64                                          3:7.93-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     3:7.93-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
nnn.x86_64                                           4.7-1.fc37                          @updates                
nomarch.x86_64                                       1.4-28.fc37                         @fedora                 
notmuch.x86_64                                       0.37-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-9.fc37                          @anaconda               
nspr.i686                                            4.35.0-5.fc37                       @updates                
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-5.fc37                       @updates                
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-7.fc37                       @updates                
nss.i686                                             3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss.x86_64                                           3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss.x86_64                                           3.91.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-mdns.i686                                        0.15.1-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda               
nss-softokn.i686                                     3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.91.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                              3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.91.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.91.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-util.i686                                        3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.91.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                  @updates                
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                  @updates                
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-10.fc37                         @anaconda               
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                  @updates                
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.14-6.fc37                       @anaconda               
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-37.20150602git.fc37             @anaconda               
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
objectweb-asm.noarch                                 9.3-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
objenesis.noarch                                     3.1-10.fc37                         @fedora                 
ocaml.x86_64                                         4.14.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-camomile.x86_64                                1.0.2-22.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-camomile-data.x86_64                           1.0.2-22.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-charinfo-width.x86_64                          1.1.0-23.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-compiler-libs.x86_64                           4.14.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-findlib.x86_64                                 1.9.5-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ocaml-lambda-term.x86_64                             3.2.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ocaml-lwt.x86_64                                     5.6.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ocaml-lwt-log.x86_64                                 1.1.1-24.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-lwt-react.x86_64                               5.6.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ocaml-mew.x86_64                                     0.1.0-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-mew-vi.x86_64                                  0.5.0-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-ocplib-endian.x86_64                           1.2-5.fc37                          @fedora                 
ocaml-react.x86_64                                   1.2.1-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-result.x86_64                                  1.5-13.fc37                         @fedora                 
ocaml-runtime.x86_64                                 4.14.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             7-2.fc37                            @fedora                 
ocaml-trie.x86_64                                    1.0.0-14.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocaml-zed.x86_64                                     3.1.0-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
ocl-icd.i686                                         2.3.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
octave.x86_64                                        6:7.3.0-3.fc37                      @updates                
octomap.x86_64                                       1.9.7-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
ogdi.x86_64                                          4.1.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
onboard.x86_64                                       1.4.1-30.fc37                       @updates                
onboard-data.noarch                                  1.4.1-30.fc37                       @updates                
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37    @anaconda               
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.1.5-2.fc37                       @updates                
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.1.5-2.fc37                       @updates                
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.22.2-6.fc37                       @updates                
openbios.noarch                                      1:20200725-5.git7f28286.fc37        @fedora                 
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.21-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.21-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                             0.3.21-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.21-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-12.fc37                           @fedora                 
openbox.x86_64                                       3.6.1-20.fc37                       @fedora                 
openbox-libs.x86_64                                  3.6.1-20.fc37                       @fedora                 
opencascade-draw.x86_64                              7.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
opencascade-foundation.x86_64                        7.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
opencascade-modeling.x86_64                          7.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
opencascade-ocaf.x86_64                              7.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
opencascade-visualization.x86_64                     7.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.01-3.fc37                         @anaconda               
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-3.fc37                        @updates                
opencv.x86_64                                        4.6.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
opencv-contrib.x86_64                                4.6.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
opencv-core.x86_64                                   4.6.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.6-1.fc37                        @updates                
openh264.x86_64                                      2.3.1-1.fc37                        @fedora-cisco-openh264  
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
openni.x86_64                                        1.5.7.10-26.fc36                    @fedora                 
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-29.fc37                     @fedora                 
opensc.x86_64                                        0.23.0-2.fc37                       @updates                
openslide.x86_64                                     3.4.1-22.fc37                       @fedora                 
openssh.x86_64                                       8.8p1-10.fc37                       @updates                
openssh.x86_64                                       8.8p1-11.fc37                       @updates                
openssh-clients.x86_64                               8.8p1-10.fc37                       @updates                
openssh-clients.x86_64                               8.8p1-11.fc37                       @updates                
openssh-server.x86_64                                8.8p1-10.fc37                       @updates                
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.0.8-1.fc37                      @updates                
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.0.8-1.fc37                      @updates                
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.0.9-1.fc37                      @updates                
openssl-libs.i686                                    1:3.0.8-1.fc37                      @updates                
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.8-1.fc37                      @updates                
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.9-1.fc37                      @updates                
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                  0.4.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.12-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
openssl1.1.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1q-2.fc37                     @fedora                 
opentest4j.noarch                                    1.2.0-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.5.9-1.fc37                        @updates                
opus.i686                                            1.3.1-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
opus-devel.x86_64                                    1.3.1-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
opusfile.x86_64                                      0.12-9.fc37                         @updates                
orc.i686                                             0.4.31-8.fc37                       @fedora                 
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.31-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
orca.noarch                                          43.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20230308-1.fc37                     @updates                
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.10.0-6.fc37                       @updates                
ostree.x86_64                                        2022.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2022.7-2.fc37                       @updates                
p11-kit.i686                                         0.24.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.24.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.24.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.24.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
p7zip.x86_64                                         16.02-24.fc37                       @fedora                 
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-24.fc37                       @fedora                 
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-6.fc37                          @fedora                 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-4.fc37                          @anaconda               
pam.x86_64                                           1.5.2-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
pam-devel.x86_64                                     1.5.2-14.fc37                       @fedora                 
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.2-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-17.fc37                         @anaconda               
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
pandoc.x86_64                                        2.14.0.3-18.fc37                    @fedora                 
pandoc-common.noarch                                 2.14.0.3-18.fc37                    @fedora                 
pango.i686                                           1.50.14-1.fc37                      @updates                
pango.x86_64                                         1.50.14-1.fc37                      @updates                
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.50.14-1.fc37                      @updates                
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.3-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
paps.x86_64                                          0.7.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
parted.x86_64                                        3.5-6.fc37                          @anaconda               
pass.noarch                                          1.7.4-6.fc37                        @updates                
passt.x86_64                                         0^20230509.g96f8d55-1.fc37          @updates                
passt.x86_64                                         0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37          @updates                
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20230509.g96f8d55-1.fc37          @updates                
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37          @updates                
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-13.fc37                        @anaconda               
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
patool.noarch                                        1.12-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
pbzip2.x86_64                                        1.1.13-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-10.fc37                         @anaconda               
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.9.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
pcl.x86_64                                           1.12.0-22.fc37                      @fedora                 
pcp.x86_64                                           6.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp.x86_64                                           6.0.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp-conf.x86_64                                      6.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp-conf.x86_64                                      6.0.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp-libs.x86_64                                      6.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp-libs.x86_64                                      6.0.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                   6.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                   6.0.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                              6.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
pcre.i686                                            8.45-1.fc37.2                       @fedora                 
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc37.2                       @anaconda               
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.45-1.fc37.2                       @fedora                 
pcre2.i686                                           10.40-1.fc37.1                      @fedora                 
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda               
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc37.1                      @fedora                 
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda               
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda               
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda               
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.9-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.9-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                                 7.17-13.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                              0.17-18.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.16-28.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.83-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                       0.26-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                            3.007-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                       20210112.006-6.fc37                 @fedora                 
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                            1.202-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                            1.005-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.52-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                           0.51-16.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                   0.09-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.36-11.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                   2.13-13.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                          1.6-7.fc37                          @fedora                 
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.66-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                         1.19-28.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.45-9.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.201-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.202-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.33-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Convert-BinHex.noarch                           1.125-22.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                           4.32-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                             1.27-10.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-5.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.184-490.fc37                      @anaconda               
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.112-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                              0.12-29.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                             0.005-16.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.91-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                 2:1.59-1.fc37                       @updates                
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                 0.107-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                  0.8300-8.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                 1:1.79-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                          1.37-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                        2.60-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                0.010-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                 0.011-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                        0.008-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                             2.06-29.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                           0.05-30.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                         1:2.04-13.fc37                      @fedora                 
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-6.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.58-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.03-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                              2.13-37.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                      0.11-26.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.52-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                     0.003-16.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                        1.005-23.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Email-Simple.noarch                             2.216-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.19-492.fc37                     @anaconda               
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-24.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.36-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-10.fc37                   @anaconda               
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                             0.14-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                          1.45-6.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.77-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.006000-1.fc37                     @updates                
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.66-1.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                             0.09-5.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.85-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-494.fc37                  @updates                
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.39-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-File-DesktopEntry.noarch                        0.22-21.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-File-FcntlLock.x86_64                           0.22-25.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.40-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                           0.34-22.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.15-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-File-MimeInfo.noarch                            0.33-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-File-Remove.noarch                              1.61-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.118-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                               9999.32-8.fc37                      @fedora                 
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-1.fc37                        @updates                
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-489.fc37                @anaconda               
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.12-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.03-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-FindBin.noarch                                  1.53-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                                 1.20-41.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                                 1.06-20.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-GD.x86_64                                       2.76-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                               1.15-42.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-40.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Geography-Countries.noarch                      2009041301-36.fc37                  @fedora                 
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-1.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.41.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Guard.x86_64                                    1.023-25.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                           2.16-20.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.81-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-52.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                1:5.07-21.fc37                      @fedora                 
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.10-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.05-10.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.37-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-33.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.082-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
perl-Hash-Ordered.noarch                             0.014-1.fc37                        @updates                
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.26-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.45-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.21-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.50-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.201-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-6.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.41-490.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.075-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-46.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                               2.113-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-490.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                 0.048-26.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-490.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-9.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                           12.60-1.fc37                        @updates                
perl-Importer.noarch                                 0.026-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.09-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:4.11-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                  1:4.03-8.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.68-8.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-12.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.10-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                 0.011-20.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                              0.009-30.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                          0.29-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                            0.19-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.430-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.430-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                           0.58-10.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                             0.12-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.32-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-494.fc37                     @updates                
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                             2.70-8.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                  1.38-5.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                             1.57-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.013.1-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                3.033-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                               2.22-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-MIME-tools.noarch                               5.510-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.15-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Mail-Box.noarch                                 3.009-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Mail-Message.noarch                             3.012-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                              1:0.903-19.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                            0.80-16.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Mail-Transport.noarch                           3.005-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.21-12.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.37-2.fc37                  @fedora                 
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2624-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20230423-1.fc37                 @updates                
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                    0.09-35.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-489.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-489.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000037-489.fc37                   @fedora                 
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-16.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20211001-4.fc37                     @anaconda               
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.15-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-NKF.x86_64                                      1:2.1.4-26.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-33.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.22-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.92-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                           0.03-33.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                          0.009-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Object-Realize-Later.noarch                     0.21-16.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.57-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.03-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-26.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                            0.40-3.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                         0.30-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                2.5-7.fc37                          @fedora                 
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-489.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                          0.015-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                          1.31-2.fc37                         @updates                
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                0.30-17.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                         1.967015-18.fc37                    @fedora                 
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.84-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.009-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-489.fc37                     @anaconda               
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.33-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-490.fc37                    @anaconda               
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.43-490.fc37                     @anaconda               
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                 0.204-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                              0.117-16.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Regexp-Assemble.noarch                          0.38-17.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                            2017060201-19.fc37                  @fedora                 
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                2.002004-7.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.43-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-489.fc37                     @anaconda               
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.036-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                 1.33-25.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Specio.noarch                                   0.48-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.26-489.fc37                     @anaconda               
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.988-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-19.fc37                    @fedora                 
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                             0.14-20.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.928-33.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.24-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-490.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                              1.06-15.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-TeX-Hyphen.noarch                               1.18-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-490.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                            1.17-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                            0.002-38.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                           0.031-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Term-Table.noarch                               0.016-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-14.fc37                        @anaconda               
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              3:1.302191-2.fc37                   @fedora                 
perl-Text-Autoformat.noarch                          1.750000-10.fc37                    @fedora                 
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.06-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                              0.88-12.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                 2.02-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-18.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-489.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-Text-Reform.noarch                              1.20-34.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                               3.5-23.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-23.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2023.0511-1.fc37                    @updates                
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-489.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-494.fc37                        @updates                
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                1.227-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.40-489.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9770-489.fc37                   @fedora                 
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-489.fc37                    @anaconda               
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                               1.3401-494.fc37                     @updates                
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-9.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.31-4.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                         1.01-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.17-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.31-489.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                   12.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-14.fc37                    @fedora                 
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.31-489.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.78-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-User-Identity.noarch                            1.02-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                           0.63-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-33.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                               0.81-45.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0208-1.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                        1.01-10.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                              2.002.000-3.fc37                    @fedora                 
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-18.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.46-12.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-11.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-18.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                               0.900-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.48-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-XString.x86_64                                  0.005-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.34-490.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-autovivification.x86_64                         0.18-17.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-common-sense.x86_64                             3.7.5-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-490.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-492.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-filetest.noarch                                 1.03-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-494.fc37                   @updates                
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.36.1-494.fc37                   @updates                
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                             1.32-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.14-490.fc37                       @anaconda               
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.36.1-494.fc37                   @updates                
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.68-1.fc37                         @updates                
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.36.1-494.fc37                     @updates                
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.26-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                      0.29-13.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                          0.27-21.fc37                        @fedora                 
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.35-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.238-489.fc37                    @anaconda               
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:4.14-489.fc37                     @anaconda               
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.10-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-46.fc37                           @fedora                 
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.27-489.fc37                     @fedora                 
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.64-489.fc37                       @fedora                 
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-494.fc37                       @updates                
perl-version.x86_64                                  8:0.99.29-490.fc37                  @fedora                 
perltidy.noarch                                      20220613-2.fc37                     @fedora                 
phd2.x86_64                                          2.6.11-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
picom.x86_64                                         10.2-1.fc37                         @updates                
picosat-libs.x86_64                                  965-15.fc37                         @fedora                 
pigz.x86_64                                          2.7-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.2.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.10-30.fc37                      @anaconda               
pipewire.i686                                        0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-alsa.i686                                   0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-libs.i686                                   0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                0.3.70-1.fc37                       @updates                
pixman.i686                                          0.40.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
pixman.x86_64                                        0.40.0-6.fc37                       @anaconda               
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.40.0-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.29.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                          5.27.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
playonlinux.x86_64                                   4.4-6.fc37                          @fedora                 
playonlinux-yum.noarch                               4-1                                 @@commandline           
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
plymouth.x86_64                                      22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
po-debconf.noarch                                    1.0.21-10.nmu1.fc37                 @fedora                 
podman.x86_64                                        5:4.5.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                5:4.5.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                5:4.6.0-1.fc37                      @updates                
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
polkit.x86_64                                        121-4.fc37.2                        @updates                
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   121-4.fc37.2                        @updates                
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-22.fc37                         @anaconda               
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                  0.114.0-4.fc37                      @fedora                 
poly2tri.x86_64                                      0.0-25.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc37  @fedora                 
poppler.x86_64                                       22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates                
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates                
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates                
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates                
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
portaudio.x86_64                                     19-39.fc37                          @fedora                 
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.12-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.9-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-15.fc37                      @anaconda               
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.17-6.fc37.2                     @updates                
proj.x86_64                                          9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data.noarch                                     9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-at.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-au.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-be.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-br.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-ca.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-ch.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-de.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-dk.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-es.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-eur.noarch                                 9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-fi.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-fo.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-fr.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-is.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-jp.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-mx.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-nc.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-nl.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-no.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-nz.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-pl.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-pt.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-se.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-sk.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-uk.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-us.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
proj-data-za.noarch                                  9.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
prooftree.x86_64                                     0.13-21.fc37                        @fedora                 
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-1.fc37                       @updates                
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.4.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.4-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20230318-1.fc37                     @updates                
pugixml.x86_64                                       1.13-1.fc37                         @updates                
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                 16.1-4.fc37                         @updates                
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-4.fc37                         @updates                
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                         16.1-4.fc37                         @updates                
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-4.fc37                         @updates                
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc37                         @updates                
pulseview.x86_64                                     0.4.2-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
pycharm-community.x86_64                             2023.1-2.fc37                       @phracek-PyCharm        
pygobject2.x86_64                                    2.28.7-16.fc37                      @fedora                 
pygtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.0-37.fc37                      @fedora                 
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                          1.8.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                          1.9.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.8.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.9.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              22.2.2-3.fc37                       @updates                
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.9-2.fc37                       @updates                
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.11-5.fc37                         @updates                
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.11-6.fc37                         @updates                
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       62.6.0-3.fc37                       @updates                
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-5.fc37                         @updates                
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-6.fc37                         @updates                
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            235-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.11.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
python2-cairo.x86_64                                 1.18.2-12.fc37                      @fedora                 
python2.7.x86_64                                     2.7.18-26.fc37                      @updates                
python3.x86_64                                       3.11.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3.x86_64                                       3.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-astroid.noarch                               2.12.14-1.fc37                      @updates                
python3-asttokens.noarch                             2.0.8-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.1.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-azure-core.noarch                            2:1.25.1-1.fc37                     @fedora                 
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.12.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.2-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-bitstring.noarch                             3.1.9-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.5.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.4-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.7-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.21.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-certifi.noarch                               2021.10.8-3.fc37                    @fedora                 
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.15.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.1.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    2.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.3-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-click-plugins.noarch                         1.1.1-15.fc37                       @updates                
python3-conda.noarch                                 4.13.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-conda-package-handling.x86_64                1.8.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                               8.0.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-41.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          37.0.2-5.fc37                       @updates                
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.1-14.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-cytoolz.x86_64                               0.11.2-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.6-6.fc37                          @anaconda               
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-4.fc37                      @anaconda               
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-dbus-next.noarch                             0.2.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.11.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-dill.noarch                                  0.3.5.1-4.fc37                      @fedora                 
python3-distro.noarch                                1.7.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.4.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch             4.1.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-dns.noarch                                   2.2.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-docutils.noarch                              0.18.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-ecdsa.noarch                                 0.18.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                1.0.7-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.42-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-firewall.noarch                              1.2.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-frozendict.noarch                            1.2-23.fc37                         @fedora                 
python3-future.noarch                                0.18.3-3.fc37                       @updates                
python3-fvs.noarch                                   0.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-gexiv2.x86_64                                0.14.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-gnuradio.x86_64                              3.10.3.0-4.fc37                     @fedora                 
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.42.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.42.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.42.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.17.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.70.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.70.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-i3ipc.noarch                                 2.2.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-icoextract.noarch                            0.1.4-3.fc37                        @updates                
python3-idle.x86_64                                  3.11.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.3-4.fc37                          @anaconda               
python3-ifaddr.noarch                                0.1.7-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-inotify.noarch                               0.9.6-28.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-isodate.noarch                               0.6.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-isort.noarch                                 5.10.1-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-jedi.noarch                                  0.18.1-7.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.0.3-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.41-3.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.62-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-lazy-object-proxy.x86_64                     1.7.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-ldap3.noarch                                 2.9.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-ldb.x86_64                                   2.6.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.18-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.70.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.70.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.11-1.fc37                      @updates                
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.11.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.5-2.fc37                          @updates                
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                          0.7.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.24.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.9.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-lz4.x86_64                                   4.3.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.1.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-markdown.noarch                              3.4.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-mccabe.noarch                                0.7.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.50-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.50-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-mock.noarch                                  4.0.3-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-msrest.noarch                                0.7.1-1.20221014git2d8fd04.fc37     @updates                
python3-mypy.noarch                                  0.982-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                       0.4.3-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-natsort.noarch                               7.1.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.11.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.4-3.fc37                      @anaconda               
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.24.3-1.fc37                     @updates                
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.24.3-1.fc37                     @updates                
python3-oauthlib.noarch                              3.2.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-18.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-opencv.x86_64                                4.6.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-orjson.x86_64                                3.8.12-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-packaging.noarch                             21.3-6.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-parso.noarch                                 0.8.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.5.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-pathvalidate.noarch                          2.5.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-patool.noarch                                1.12-19.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-pbr.noarch                                   5.10.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-pcp.x86_64                                   6.0.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-pcp.x86_64                                   6.0.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-pefile.noarch                                2023.2.7-1.fc37                     @updates                
python3-perf.x86_64                                  6.2.6-200.fc37                      @updates                
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-13.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pillow.x86_64                                9.2.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-pip.noarch                                   22.2.2-3.fc37                       @updates                
python3-platformdirs.noarch                          2.5.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-17.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.35-1.fc37                         @updates                
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.6.0-17.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-3.fc37                        @updates                
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             21.0.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.4.8-11.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pycosat.x86_64                               0.6.3-19.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-8.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.1-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.12.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-pylint.noarch                                2.14.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-pyopengl.x86_64                              3.1.5-10.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.0.9-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.12.0-6.fc37                     @anaconda               
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             12.11.0-2.fc37                      @fedora                 
python3-pyqtgraph.noarch                             0.12.4-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.5-3.fc37                          @fedora                 
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.23.2-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-6.fc37                         @anaconda               
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0-5.fc37                          @anaconda               
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.15.9-2.fc37                       @updates                
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.9-2.fc37                       @updates                
python3-qt5-webengine.x86_64                         5.15.4-4.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-qt5-webkit.x86_64                            5.15.9-2.fc37                       @updates                
python3-reedsolo.x86_64                              1.7.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2022.10.31-1.fc37                   @updates                
python3-rencode.x86_64                               1.0.6-19.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.1-3.fc37                       @updates                
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-26.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                     1.3.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        13-2.fc37                           @fedora                 
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        13-3.fc37                           @updates                
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-5.fc37                         @updates                
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-6.fc37                         @updates                
python3-ruamel-yaml.noarch                           0.17.22-2.fc37                      @updates                
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                      0.2.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-samba.x86_64                                 2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.8.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-send2trash.noarch                            1.8.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.4.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                          1.2.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-setuptools.noarch                            62.6.0-3.fc37                       @updates                
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.3.2.post1-7.fc37                  @anaconda               
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-1.fc37                          @anaconda               
python3-talloc.x86_64                                2.3.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-tdb.x86_64                                   1.4.7-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
python3-tenacity.noarch                              8.2.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-tevent.x86_64                                0.13.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-thrift.x86_64                                0.14.0-11.fc37                      @fedora                 
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.11.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-tomlkit.noarch                               0.11.4-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-toolz.noarch                                 0.11.2-6.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-tqdm.noarch                                  4.65.0-2.fc37                       @updates                
python3-typed_ast.x86_64                             1.5.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     4.4.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.12-1.fc37                      @anaconda               
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.16-1.fc37                      @updates                
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.16-1.fc37                      @updates                
python3-vkbasalt-cli.noarch                          3.1.1.post1-1.fc37                  @updates                
python3-vsts-cd-manager.noarch                       1.0.2-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
python3-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.37.1-4.fc37                     @fedora                 
python3-wrapt.x86_64                                 1.14.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
python3-wxpython4.x86_64                             4.2.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
python3-xapp.noarch                                  2.4.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                       2.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
python3-xlib.noarch                                  0.33-1.fc37                         @updates                
python3-zeroconf.noarch                              0.38.7-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
qca-qt5.x86_64                                       2.3.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                  2.3.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
qcustomplot-qt5.x86_64                               2.1.1-4.fc37                        @updates                
qemu.x86_64                                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-aarch64.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-aarch64-core.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-alpha.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-alpha-core.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-arm.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-arm-core.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-avr.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-avr-core.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-cris.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-cris-core.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-m68k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-m68k-core.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-microblaze.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-microblaze-core.x86_64                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-mips.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-mips-core.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-nios2.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-nios2-core.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-or1k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-or1k-core.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-ppc.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-ppc-core.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-riscv.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-riscv-core.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-rx.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-rx-core.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-s390x.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-s390x-core.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-sh4.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-sh4-core.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-sparc.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-sparc-core.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-tricore.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-tricore-core.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-xtensa.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-system-xtensa-core.x86_64                       2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-tools.x86_64                                    2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user.x86_64                                     2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates                
qflipper.x86_64                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                            0.9.0-13.fc37                       @updates                
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                            0.9.1-6.fc37                        @updates                
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                            0.9.0-13.fc37                       @updates                
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                            0.9.1-6.fc37                        @updates                
qhexedit2-qt5-libs.x86_64                            0.8.9-8.fc37                        @fedora                 
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     10.6.3-5.fc37                       @updates                
qrencode.x86_64                                      4.1.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
qrupdate.x86_64                                      1.1.2-25.fc37                       @fedora                 
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                2.13.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt-settings.noarch                                   37.1-1.fc37                         @updates                
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.9-3.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.9-3.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.9-3.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.9-2.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                               5.15.12-5.fc37                      @updates                
qt5-qtwebengine-devtools.x86_64                      5.15.12-5.fc37                      @updates                
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                  5.212.0-0.75alpha4.fc37             @updates                
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates                
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.4.3-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.5.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.4.3-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.5.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.4.3-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.5.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.5.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.5.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.5.1-2.fc37                        @updates                
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                              2.4-37.20150629git5a07df5.fc37      @fedora                 
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                       2.6.1-44.fc37                       @fedora                 
quazip-qt5.x86_64                                    1.3-6.fc37                          @fedora                 
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.06-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.06-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
qutebrowser.noarch                                   2.5.2-2.fc37                        @updates                
qutebrowser.noarch                                   2.5.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
qwt-qt5.x86_64                                       6.1.5-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
ranger.noarch                                        1.9.3-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-34.fc37                      @anaconda               
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-19.fc37                      @anaconda               
rav1e-libs.i686                                      0.5.1-9.fc37                        @updates                
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.1-9.fc37                        @updates                
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-1.fc37                   @updates                
readline.i686                                        8.2-2.fc37                          @updates                
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-2.fc37                          @updates                
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.0-11.fc37                      @anaconda               
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20230404-149.fc37                   @updates                
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20230625-151.fc37                   @updates                
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                               4.1-59.fc37                         @fedora                 
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                    4.1-59.fc37                         @fedora                 
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-22.fc37                      @anaconda               
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             229-1.fc37                          @updates                
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-30.fc37                      @anaconda               
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.6-3.fc37                        @updates                
ripgrep.x86_64                                       13.0.0-10.fc37                      @updates                
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
rlwrap.x86_64                                        0.46.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
rofi.x86_64                                          1.7.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
rofi-themes.noarch                                   1.7.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-32.fc37                         @anaconda               
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-3.rc2.fc37                    @updates                
rpm.x86_64                                           4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.18.1-2.fc37                       @updates                
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                        0.3.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
rstudio.x86_64                                       2023.03.0+386-4.fc37                @updates                
rstudio.x86_64                                       2023.06.1+524-1.fc37                @updates                
rstudio-desktop.x86_64                               2023.03.0+386-4.fc37                @updates                
rstudio-desktop.x86_64                               2023.06.1+524-1.fc37                @updates                
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-33.fc37                        @anaconda               
rtl-sdr.x86_64                                       0.6.0^20230403git142325a9-2.fc37    @updates                
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              24-1.fc37                           @updates                
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                                  9.31-1.fc37                         @updates                
rygel.x86_64                                         0.40.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
rzip.x86_64                                          2.1-29.fc37                         @fedora                 
samba.x86_64                                         2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-common-tools.x86_64                            2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-dc.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                 2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-dc-provision.noarch                            2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-libs.x86_64                                    2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-tools.x86_64                                   2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-winbind.x86_64                                 2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                         2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                         2:4.17.8-0.fc37                     @updates                
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.27-5.fc37                      @anaconda               
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                   1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                  1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sane-backends-libs.i686                              1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
satyr.x86_64                                         0.42-1.fc37                         @updates                
scala.noarch                                         2.13.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
scala-library.noarch                                 2.13.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
scala-reflect.noarch                                 2.13.10-1.fc37                      @updates                
scotch.x86_64                                        6.1.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
screen.x86_64                                        4.9.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
sddm.x86_64                                          0.19.0^git20230404.e652433-1.fc37   @updates                
sddm.x86_64                                          0.20.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
sddm-x11.noarch                                      0.19.0^git20230404.e652433-1.fc37   @updates                
sddm-x11.noarch                                      0.20.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.60-1.fc37                       @updates                
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.2-1.fc37                       @updates                
seahorse.x86_64                                      43.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.2-1.fc37                       @updates                
sed.x86_64                                           4.8-11.fc37                         @anaconda               
selinux-policy.noarch                                37.20-1.fc37                        @updates                
selinux-policy.noarch                                37.22-1.fc37                        @updates                
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       37.20-1.fc37                        @updates                
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       37.22-1.fc37                        @updates                
serd.i686                                            0.30.12-2.fc37                      @fedora                 
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.12-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
setup.noarch                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
sfsexp.x86_64                                        1.4.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.46-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20180715git-9.fc37              @anaconda               
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-59.fc37                       @fedora                 
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-31.fc37                    @anaconda               
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.12.3-6.fc37                     @updates                
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.12.3-6.fc37                     @updates                
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.2-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
sharutils.x86_64                                     4.15.2-22.fc37                      @fedora                 
sheepdog.x86_64                                      1.0.1-18.fc37                       @anaconda               
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.6-2                              @anaconda               
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.6-2                              @anaconda               
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-6.fc37                        @anaconda               
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-10.fc37                       @anaconda               
simple-scan.x86_64                                   42.5-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
slick-greeter.x86_64                                 1.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.0-8.fc37                        @updates                
slurp.x86_64                                         1.4.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
snap-confine.x86_64                                  2.58.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
snapd.x86_64                                         2.58.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
snapd-selinux.noarch                                 2.58.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.9-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
soci.x86_64                                          4.0.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
soci-postgresql.x86_64                               4.0.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
soci-sqlite3.x86_64                                  4.0.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
sord.i686                                            0.16.10-3.fc37                      @updates                
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.10-3.fc37                      @updates                
sos.noarch                                           4.4-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-18.fc37                         @anaconda               
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-15.fc37                       @updates                
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
spax.x86_64                                          1.6-7.fc37                          @fedora                 
spdlog.x86_64                                        1.10.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
speex.i686                                           1.2.0-12.fc37                       @fedora                 
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.41-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.41-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-3.fc37                          @anaconda               
sqlcipher.x86_64                                     4.4.3-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
sqlite-libs.i686                                     3.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
sqlitebrowser.x86_64                                 3.13.0-0.4.gita302128.fc37          @fedora                 
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.5.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
sratom.i686                                          0.6.10-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.10-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-4.fc37                         @anaconda               
sssd.x86_64                                          2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.9.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
st.x86_64                                            0.8.4-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
star.x86_64                                          1.6-7.fc37                          @fedora                 
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-24.fc37                        @anaconda               
steam.i686                                           1.0.0.78-1.fc37                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-steam
steam-devices.i686                                   1.0.0.78-1.fc37                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-steam
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-2.fc37                     @anaconda               
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
strace.x86_64                                        6.5-1.fc37                          @updates                
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc37                       @updates                
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.2-8.fc37                       @updates                
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                    @updates                
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                    @updates                
suitesparse.x86_64                                   5.10.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda               
suitesparse64.x86_64                                 5.10.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
sundials.x86_64                                      5.8.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
sushi.x86_64                                         43.0-2.fc37                         @updates                
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  1.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
sway.x86_64                                          1.7-4.fc37                          @updates                
sway-systemd.noarch                                  0.2.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
swaybg.x86_64                                        1.2.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
swayidle.x86_64                                      1.8.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
swaylock.x86_64                                      1.7.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37     @anaconda               
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37     @anaconda               
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37     @anaconda               
sxiv.x86_64                                          26-6.fc37                           @fedora                 
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-7.fc37                          @anaconda               
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         3.46.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-3.fc37                       @updates                
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-3.fc37                       @updates                
systemd.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                         251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-container.x86_64                             251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-devel.x86_64                                 251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-libs.i686                                    251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                       @updates                
taglib.i686                                          1.12-7.fc37                         @fedora                 
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-7.fc37                         @anaconda               
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.34-6.fc37                       @updates                
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.3-13.fc37                      @updates                
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.12-3.fc37                     @anaconda               
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.4-2.fc37                    @updates                
tdb-tools.x86_64                                     1.4.7-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
teamd.x86_64                                         1.31-6.fc37                         @anaconda               
teckit.x86_64                                        2.5.11-1.fc37                       @updates                
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.2.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
tetex-dvipost.x86_64                                 1.1-36.fc37                         @fedora                 
texinfo.x86_64                                       6.8-4.fc37                          @fedora                 
texlive.noarch                                       9:2021-60.fc37                      @updates                
texlive-ae.noarch                                    9:svn15878.1.4-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            9:svn42428-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-alphalph.noarch                              9:svn53087-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-amscls.noarch                                9:svn55378-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              9:svn29208.3.04-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               9:svn56514-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-anysize.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                              9:svn53051-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            9:svn42099-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                           9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-atveryend.noarch                             9:svn53108-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                          9:svn56596-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-auxhook.noarch                               9:svn53173-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-babel.noarch                                 9:svn58999-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-babel-english.noarch                         9:svn44495-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              9:svn57349-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-base.x86_64                                  9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-base.x86_64                                  9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-beamer.noarch                                9:svn58537-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-bera.noarch                                  9:svn20031.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-beton.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-biblatex.noarch                              9:svn61868-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  9:svn55193-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                            9:svn53172-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-bitset.noarch                                9:svn53837-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-bookman.noarch                               9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-bookmark.noarch                              9:svn56885-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              9:svn53402-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              9:svn29901.1.40-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-breqn.noarch                                 9:svn56422-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-caption.noarch                               9:svn56771-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              9:svn56753-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-catchfile.noarch                             9:svn53084-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-changepage.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0c-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-charter.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-chktex.x86_64                                9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-cite.noarch                                  9:svn36428.5.5-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-cm.noarch                                    9:svn57963-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-cmap.noarch                                  9:svn57640-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-cmextra.noarch                               9:svn57866-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                      9:svn59159-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch           9:svn54074-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                      9:svn57048-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch           9:svn57862-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                         9:svn49086-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              9:svn53545-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-courier.noarch                               9:svn35058.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-crop.noarch                                  9:svn55424-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              9:svn57844-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ctable.noarch                                9:svn38672-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           9:svn38514-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-currfile.noarch                              9:svn56478-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                9:svn48599-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-dtl.x86_64                                   9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                 9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ec.noarch                                    9:svn25033.1.0-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-enctex.noarch                                9:svn34957.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              9:svn51423-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          9:svn53546-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-esint.noarch                                 9:svn52240-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-esint-type1.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               9:svn56658-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-etex.noarch                                  9:svn56291-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              9:svn41784-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                              9:svn53171-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              9:svn56554-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 9:svn19795.0.1h-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-euler.noarch                                 9:svn42428-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-euro.noarch                                  9:svn22191.1.1-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                               9:svn25714-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-eurosym.noarch                               9:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-60.fc37      @updates                
texlive-everysel.noarch                              9:svn57489-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-everyshi.noarch                              9:svn57001-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-extsizes.noarch                              9:svn17263.1.4a-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-fancybox.noarch                              9:svn18304.1.4-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              9:svn64977-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-fancyref.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.9c-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              9:svn57488-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          9:svn52142-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-filehook.noarch                              9:svn56479-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-finstrut.noarch                              9:svn21719.0.5-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-firstaid.noarch                              9:svn58440-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-fix2col.noarch                               9:svn38770-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-float.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.3d-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              9:svn56594-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              9:svn23330.5.5b-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                         9:svn57618-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-fp.noarch                                    9:svn49719-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   9:svn54512-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-geometry.noarch                              9:svn54080-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                        9:svn53170-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-graphics.noarch                              9:svn56514-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          9:svn41448-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          9:svn58539-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-grfext.noarch                                9:svn53024-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-grffile.noarch                               9:svn52756-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                9:svn52810-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-hologo.noarch                                9:svn53048-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-hopatch.noarch                               9:svn56106-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-hycolor.noarch                               9:svn53584-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              9:svn58024-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             9:svn58619-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           9:svn58630-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                              9:svn57387-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               9:svn47544-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            9:svn45533-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 9:svn56594-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-index.noarch                                 9:svn24099.4.1beta-60.fc37          @updates                
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                             9:svn53023-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-intcalc.noarch                               9:svn53168-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                              9:svn19440.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             9:svn57963-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                           9:svn57963-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           9:svn58585-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                          9:svn53193-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                             9:svn56609-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                             9:svn53166-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             9:svn59118-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                        9:svn57789-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              9:svn59118-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            9:svn59118-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-latex.noarch                                 9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-latex.noarch                                 9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           9:svn28888.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-latexbug.noarch                              9:svn58151-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           9:svn53525-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                           9:svn53022-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lineno.noarch                                9:svn57866-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-listings.noarch                              9:svn55265-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lm.noarch                                    9:svn58637-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lm-math.noarch                               9:svn36915.1.959-60.fc37            @updates                
texlive-logreq.noarch                                9:svn53003-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                              9:svn17533.1.74d-60.fc37            @updates                
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                               9:svn56421-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                               9:svn21927.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        9:svn56414-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-luabidi.noarch                               9:svn54512-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                              9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         9:svn56541-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               9:svn57277-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            9:svn52663-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                 9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                             9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                           9:svn54684-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            9:svn48383-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              9:svn29349.2.2a-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              9:svn52663-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mathspec.noarch                              9:svn42773-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mathtools.noarch                             9:svn58856-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.05.4-60.fc37           @updates                
texlive-memoir.noarch                                9:svn58666-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-metafont.x86_64                              9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-metalogo.noarch                              9:svn18611.0.12-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                9:svn42428-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                           9:svn54512-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                9:svn46036-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-microtype.noarch                             9:svn58394-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-minitoc.noarch                               9:svn48196-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                              9:svn18651.1.4-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-modes.noarch                                 9:svn56303-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              9:svn59066-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                               9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ms.noarch                                    9:svn57473-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-multido.noarch                               9:svn18302.1.42-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-natbib.noarch                                9:svn20668.8.31b-60.fc37            @updates                
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-newfloat.noarch                              9:svn52906-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-nomencl.noarch                               9:svn57263-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-notoccite.noarch                             9:svn18129.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                              9:svn56959-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pagesel.noarch                               9:svn56105-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-palatino.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-paralist.noarch                              9:svn43021-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-parallel.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-parskip.noarch                               9:svn58358-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                              9:svn52912-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                             9:svn53082-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                             9:svn53047-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdfmanagement-testphase.noarch               9:svn59194-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                              9:svn58212-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                            9:svn55777-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   9:svn57240-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-picture.noarch                               9:svn54867-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-placeins.noarch                              9:svn19848.2.2-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-plain.noarch                                 9:svn57963-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           9:svn58869-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                9:svn15878.3.04-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-pslatex.noarch                               9:svn57434-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                9:svn54694-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pspicture.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                9:svn17257.1.10-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              9:svn37377.1.07-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.01-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.06-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              9:svn49425-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              9:svn54687-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                               9:svn54963-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              9:svn54080-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              9:svn49542-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             9:svn54518-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              9:svn43272-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              9:svn58371-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          9:svn53763-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-qstest.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                              9:svn57638-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-rcs.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-realscripts.noarch                           9:svn56594-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-refcount.noarch                              9:svn53164-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                        9:svn54841-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-sansmath.noarch                              9:svn17997.1.1-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                        9:svn53628-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                          9:svn54191-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-section.noarch                               9:svn20180.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-seminar.noarch                               9:svn34011.1.62-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                9:svn20186.2.0-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-setspace.noarch                              9:svn24881.6.7a-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              9:svn57414-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-simplecv.noarch                              9:svn35537.1.6a-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-soul.noarch                                  9:svn56495-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-stringenc.noarch                             9:svn52982-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-subfig.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.3-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-symbol.noarch                                9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-tex.x86_64                                   9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                              9:svn48058-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                         9:svn41264-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         9:svn40533-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                    9:svn54176-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                            9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch              9:svn59096-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-textcase.noarch                              9:svn52092-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-times.noarch                                 9:svn35058.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  9:svn29349.1.3-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              9:svn52413-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-tools.noarch                                 9:svn56514-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-translator.noarch                            9:svn56052-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-transparent.noarch                           9:svn52981-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-txfonts.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-typehtml.noarch                              9:svn17134.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                              9:svn38907-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-ucs.noarch                                   9:svn35853.2.2-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-ulem.noarch                                  9:svn53365-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-underscore.noarch                            9:svn18261.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          9:svn56768-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          9:svn56594-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                         9:svn53162-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-url.noarch                                   9:svn32528.3.4-60.fc37              @updates                
texlive-utopia.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              9:svn24104.0.92-60.fc37             @updates                
texlive-wasy.noarch                                  9:svn53533-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                            9:svn53534-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-wasysym.noarch                               9:svn54080-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                9:svn41044-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                  9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 9:20210325-53.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 9:20210325-54.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                           9:svn45845-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               9:svn38929-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               9:svn57006-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                               9:svn56594-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                9:svn54563-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xstring.noarch                               9:svn49946-60.fc37                  @updates                
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              9:svn30466.0.981-60.fc37            @updates                
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-60.fc37                @updates                
texlive-zref.noarch                                  9:svn56611-60.fc37                  @updates                
texmaker.x86_64                                      1:5.1.3-4.fc37                      @fedora                 
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.7.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.7.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5-2.fc37                          @anaconda               
thonny.noarch                                        4.0.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
thrift.x86_64                                        0.14.0-11.fc37                      @fedora                 
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.13.1-3.fc37                       @updates                
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.13.1-3.fc37                       @updates                
tilda.x86_64                                         1.5.4-6.fc37                        @fedora                 
time.x86_64                                          1.9-19.fc37                         @anaconda               
tinyxml.x86_64                                       2.6.2-25.fc37                       @fedora                 
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-34.fc37                     @fedora                 
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.12-3.fc37                     @fedora                 
tmux.x86_64                                          3.3a-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                  1.4.48-20.fc37                      @fedora                 
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.4-1.fc37                     @updates                
totem.x86_64                                         1:43.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:43.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.4-1.fc37                          @updates                
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      3.2.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.2-1.fc37                      @updates                
tracker.x86_64                                       3.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
tre.x86_64                                           0.8.0-37.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc37    @fedora                 
tre-common.noarch                                    0.8.0-37.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc37    @fedora                 
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.15-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-7.fc37                       @anaconda               
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-6.fc37                         @anaconda               
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-66.fc37                       @fedora                 
tuned.noarch                                         2.20.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
twolame-libs.i686                                    0.4.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda               
tzdata.noarch                                        2023c-1.fc37                        @updates                
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2023c-1.fc37                        @updates                
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.6-16.fc37                       @anaconda               
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.9.4-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.9.4-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
uhd.x86_64                                           4.2.0.1-1.fc37                      @fedora                 
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.0.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
unixODBC.i686                                        2.3.11-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.11-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
unrar.x86_64                                         0.1.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
unrar-free.x86_64                                    0.1.2-1.fc37                        @updates                
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-58.fc37                         @anaconda               
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.20-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.7-1.fc37                        @updates                
urlview.x86_64                                       0.9-32.20131022git08767a.fc37       @fedora                 
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                    @fedora                 
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda               
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-7.fc37                     @anaconda               
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1-8.fc37                        @anaconda               
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
usbutils.x86_64                                      015-1.fc37                          @updates                
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-5.fc37                        @anaconda               
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.13.0-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
util-linux-user.x86_64                               2.38.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
utop.x86_64                                          2.9.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.20.0-1.fc37                     @updates                
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.21.0-6.fc37                     @updates                
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                1:3.20.0-1.fc37                     @updates                
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              58-3.fc37                           @fedora                 
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
vifm.x86_64                                          0.13-1.fc37                         @updates                
vim-X11.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1486-1.fc37                   @updates                
vim-X11.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1677-2.fc37                   @updates                
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:9.0.1486-1.fc37                   @updates                
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:9.0.1677-2.fc37                   @updates                
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.0.1486-1.fc37                   @updates                
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.0.1677-2.fc37                   @updates                
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:9.0.1486-1.fc37                   @updates                
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.0.1486-1.fc37                   @updates                
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.0.1677-2.fc37                   @updates                
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.0.1486-1.fc37                   @updates                
vimiv.x86_64                                         0.9.1-22.fc37                       @fedora                 
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 0.9.1-4.20210420git36391559.fc37    @anaconda               
virt-what.x86_64                                     1.25-1.fc37                         @fedora                 
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.8-1.fc37                        @updates                
vkBasalt.x86_64                                      0.3.2.10-1.fc37                     @updates                
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-18.fc37                       @updates                
voikko-fi.noarch                                     2.5-2.fc37                          @fedora                 
volk.x86_64                                          2.5.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                 
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-17.fc37                      @anaconda               
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-44.svn550.fc37                @anaconda               
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20220509-2.gite52f8e66.fc37         @anaconda               
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.70.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.70.6-1.fc37                       @updates                
vte291.x86_64                                        0.70.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
vte291.x86_64                                        0.70.6-1.fc37                       @updates                
vtk.x86_64                                           9.1.0-18.fc37                       @updates                
vulkan-loader.i686                                   1.3.216.0-3.fc37                    @fedora                 
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.216.0-3.fc37                    @anaconda               
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                  1.3.216.0-2.fc37                    @fedora                 
w3m.x86_64                                           0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37           @updates                
w3m-img.x86_64                                       0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37           @updates                
wavpack.i686                                         5.5.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.5.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.31-1.fc37                         @updates                
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-18.fc37                           @anaconda               
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                 2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                 2.40.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.40.3-1.fc37                       @updates                
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.40.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                         0.3.1-9.fc37                        @fedora                 
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-9.fc37                        @anaconda               
wget.x86_64                                          1.21.3-4.fc37                       @anaconda               
which.x86_64                                         2.21-39.fc37                        @updates                
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.17-1.fc37                       @updates                
wine.x86_64                                          8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-alsa.i686                                       8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-alsa.x86_64                                     8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-alsa.x86_64                                     8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-arial-fonts.noarch                              8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-arial-fonts.noarch                              8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-cms.i686                                        8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-cms.x86_64                                      8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-cms.i686                                        8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-cms.x86_64                                      8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-common.noarch                                   8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-common.noarch                                   8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-core.i686                                       8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-core.x86_64                                     8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-core.x86_64                                     8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-courier-fonts.noarch                            8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-courier-fonts.noarch                            8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-desktop.noarch                                  8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-desktop.noarch                                  8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-dxvk.i686                                       1.10.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
wine-dxvk.x86_64                                     1.10.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
wine-dxvk-d3d9.i686                                  1.10.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
wine-dxvk-d3d9.x86_64                                1.10.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
wine-dxvk-dxgi.i686                                  1.10.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
wine-dxvk-dxgi.x86_64                                1.10.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
wine-filesystem.noarch                               8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-filesystem.noarch                               8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-fixedsys-fonts.noarch                           8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-fixedsys-fonts.noarch                           8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-fonts.noarch                                    8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-fonts.noarch                                    8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-ldap.i686                                       8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-ldap.x86_64                                     8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-ldap.i686                                       8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-ldap.x86_64                                     8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-marlett-fonts.noarch                            8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-marlett-fonts.noarch                            8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-mono.noarch                                     7.4.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
wine-mono.noarch                                     8.0.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
wine-ms-sans-serif-fonts.noarch                      8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-ms-sans-serif-fonts.noarch                      8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-opencl.i686                                     8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-opencl.x86_64                                   8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-opencl.x86_64                                   8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-pulseaudio.i686                                 8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-pulseaudio.x86_64                               8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-pulseaudio.x86_64                               8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-small-fonts.noarch                              8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-small-fonts.noarch                              8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-symbol-fonts.noarch                             8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-symbol-fonts.noarch                             8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-system-fonts.noarch                             8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-system-fonts.noarch                             8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-systemd.noarch                                  8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-systemd.noarch                                  8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-tahoma-fonts.noarch                             8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-tahoma-fonts.noarch                             8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-times-new-roman-fonts.noarch                    8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-times-new-roman-fonts.noarch                    8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-twain.i686                                      8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-twain.x86_64                                    8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-twain.x86_64                                    8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-webdings-fonts.noarch                           8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-webdings-fonts.noarch                           8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
wine-wingdings-fonts.noarch                          8.6-1.fc37                          @updates                
wine-wingdings-fonts.noarch                          8.12-1.fc37                         @updates                
winetricks.noarch                                    20230212-1.fc37                     @updates                
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2022.06.06-2.fc37                   @anaconda               
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc37                       @updates                
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.4.14-1.fc37                       @updates                
wl-clipboard.x86_64                                  2.0.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
wlroots0.15.x86_64                                   0.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
wmctrl.x86_64                                        1.07-33.fc37                        @fedora                 
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
words.noarch                                         3.0-40.fc37                         @anaconda               
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.14.2-1.fc37                       @updates                
wv.x86_64                                            1.2.9-26.fc37                       @fedora                 
wxBase.x86_64                                        3.2.1-3.fc37                        @updates                
wxBase3.x86_64                                       3.0.5.1-8.fc37                      @fedora                 
wxGTK.x86_64                                         3.2.1-3.fc37                        @updates                
wxGTK-gl.x86_64                                      3.2.1-3.fc37                        @updates                
wxGTK-i18n.noarch                                    3.2.1-3.fc37                        @updates                
wxGTK3.x86_64                                        3.0.5.1-8.fc37                      @fedora                 
wxGTK3-i18n.noarch                                   3.0.5.1-8.fc37                      @fedora                 
x-tile.noarch                                        3.3-8.fc37                          @fedora                 
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.20-1.fc37                       @fedora                 
xapps.x86_64                                         2.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.0-20.fc37                       @anaconda               
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.3-15.fc37                       @fedora                 
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.0-20.fc37                       @anaconda               
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.0-18.fc37                       @anaconda               
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.9-21.fc37                       @anaconda               
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.1-23.fc37                       @anaconda               
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                                  1.3-10.fc37                         @fedora                 
xclip.x86_64                                         0.13-18.git11cba61.fc37             @fedora                 
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.15.0-4.fc37                       @updates                
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.14.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
xdg-desktop-portal-wlr.x86_64                        0.7.0-1.fc37                        @updates                
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-1.fc37                         @updates                
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-1.fc37                         @updates                
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-12.fc37                       @anaconda               
xdms.x86_64                                          1.3.2-30.fc37                       @fedora                 
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.16.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.16.4-1.fc37                       @updates                
xerces-c.x86_64                                      3.2.3-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.1.0-2.fc37                        @updates                
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.8-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   1-4.fc37                            @anaconda               
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.5-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.36-3.fc37                         @updates                
xlockmore.x86_64                                     5.70-2.fc37                         @fedora                 
xmessage.x86_64                                      1.0.6-2.fc37                        @updates                
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-59.fc37                       @anaconda               
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.08-1.fc37                      @updates                
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.08-1.fc37                      @updates                
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.34-4.fc37                       @updates                
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.34-4.fc37                       @updates                
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.34-4.fc37                       @updates                
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-2.fc37                       @anaconda               
xmonad.x86_64                                        0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
xmonad-basic.x86_64                                  0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
xmonad-config.x86_64                                 0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
xmonad-core.x86_64                                   0.17.0-3.fc37                       @fedora                 
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-8.fc37                       @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.x86_64                            0.3.7-17.fc37                       @fedora                 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-12.fc37                      @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-11.fc37                       @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-54.20210115.fc37           @updates                
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.2.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-4.fc37                     @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.400-4.20210215git5dbad06.fc37   @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.5-20.fc35                       @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.5.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.2.1-16.fc35                      @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-34.fc37                         @fedora                 
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-34.fc37                         @fedora                 
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-34.fc37                         @fedora                 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2022.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                 
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-23.fc37                     @updates                
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      22.1.9-2.fc37                       @updates                
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-23.fc37                     @updates                
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-2.fc37                      @anaconda               
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.0-15.fc37                       @anaconda               
xpra.x86_64                                          4.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates                
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.5-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda               
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-31.fc37                       @fedora                 
xss-lock.x86_64                                      0.3.0-18.20140302git.fc37           @fedora                 
xterm.x86_64                                         379-2.fc37                          @updates                
xterm-resize.x86_64                                  379-2.fc37                          @updates                
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-9.fc37                        @updates                
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                 
xxd.x86_64                                           2:9.0.1486-1.fc37                   @updates                
xxd.x86_64                                           2:9.0.1677-2.fc37                   @updates                
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda               
xz.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
xz-libs.i686                                         5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                                5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-19.fc37                       @anaconda               
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-21.fc37                       @updates                
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                      0.6.3-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
yara.x86_64                                          4.2.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                 
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda               
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda               
yum.noarch                                           4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates                
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-11.fc37                         @anaconda               
zenity.x86_64                                        3.44.1-1.fc37                       @updates                
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.4-4.fc37                        @fedora                 
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-23.fc37                     @anaconda               
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                 
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-33.fc37                         @anaconda               
zlib.i686                                            1.2.12-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.12-5.fc37                       @anaconda               
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.12-5.fc37                       @fedora                 
zopfli.x86_64                                        1.0.3-7.fc37                        @fedora                 
zpaq.x86_64                                          7.15-16.fc37                        @fedora                 
zpaq-libs.x86_64                                     7.15-16.fc37                        @fedora                 
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda               
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.5-1.fc37                        @updates                
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-19.fc37                      @updates                
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda               
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.72-2.fc37                      @fedora                 
